This is Bear. He can hear a butterfly burp from half a mile away. 12/10 would alternate boops and belly rubs 
This is Smiley. He dedicated his life to making others smile. Today, his battle with cancer ends. He is our first 1… 
This is Hamilton. He knows you said only 5 more minutes with his new toy, but he would greatly puppreciate an exten… 
This is Winston. He was invited to speak at a very exclusive black tie puptional anti-thunder event. 13/10 snazzy a… 
This is Pippa. She’s just happy to be here. Thankful to be included. Hopes your day is going very well. 13/10 thank… 
This is Maddie. She’s been puparing her costume all year. Has graciously given us a sneak preview. 13/10 the hero w… 
This is Piper. She just had her first bath. Wondering what the h*ck that was all about. 12/10 would hug to dry 
Say hello to Pippa. She had the perfect day at the park. Was told there was a rainbow. Nearly kissed a duck. 13/10… 
Here’s a doggo setting pup a hidden camera. Knows that spooky things happen this time of year. Not in this househol… 
This is Keno. He was rescued from hurricane harvey but not before injuring his back right zoomer. 12/10 help below:… 
This is Steve. His mlem game is off the charts. Sustained full nose coverage. Unheard of in the industry. 14/10 abs… 
I have a very important mission for you 
This is Blue. She thinks her favorite white ball got stuck in the sky. 13/10 (vid by Jessica Raspbury) 
Meet Sidney. It’s her first time wearing her new bow tie in puplic. Worried what you think of it. 13/10 it’s marvel… 
This is Lucy. She is a skater girl, she said see ya later boy. She was way too good for him. 13/10 would kickflip i… 
THAMK YOU JOMNY 
IT’S BOOK DAY! The WeRateDogs book is now available wherever books can be bought 📚🐕

Limited Signed Copies ↴… 
RT 




OMG GENEVIEVE YOUR SNOOT HAS ELONGATED 
tomorrow... 
This is Rupert. He went from smol shy boy to illustrious dependable boy. Now aware that he’s frighteningly good. 13… 
This is Dunston. He claims that if you connect the dots on his nose it spells out “best boy.” 13/10 wont argue with… 
Meet Maia. She’s incredibly deadly. Will rip your whole h*ckin arm off. Always feels guilty afterwards tho. 12/10 w… 
This is Neela. She’s very pupared for her thirteenth Halloween. Cannot h*ckin wait to decorate her mini pupkin. 13/… 
We’ll be in Austin, Texas on November 19th for the Dog Jog! You should be there too 🐕

All Info &amp; Registration:… 
This is Gulliver. He went from smol optimistic boy to “holy h*ck is that tongue even legal” boy. 13/10 quite the gl… 
This is Bodie. He has stumbled puppon a truly magical item. It’s given him power he’s never known. 13/10 (IG: charl… 
This is Nalu. I’m hearing repawts that he’s very nice and extremely susceptible to noggin pats. 13/10 would tell st… 
This is Chester. His right ear is haunted. Rather unfortunate. Should pawbably cleanse his aura. 12/10 would absolu… 
This is Frost. He tried to wish on a dandelion but sneezed instead. 13/10 happens to the best of us 
Dog rates will always be 140 or less. If I can’t convince you that the dog I’m featuring is amazing in that confine… 
This is Cooper. He hasn’t been pupperly assembled yet. Still very good. 13/10 
Along with my book, winners of the giveaway will also get an “oh h*ck” hat and an “any dog can be a guide dog...” m… 
This is Alika. She’s a Cumulus Floofalus. Very rare. Only a few remain in the wild. Seen here mid mlem. 13/10 would… 
This is Loki. He's having some good boy tests run today. Being very brave even tho he's a wee bit nervous. 12/10 wo… 
RT 

Good dogg. 420/10 
Meet Bubbles. She's never had a bath. Seems ok with that. Background pup is also a star. 13/10 would give the world… 
This is Boudreaux. He is an elder doggo. H*ckin wise for sure. Seen here pondering the nature of goodboyness. 13/10… 
This is Bella. She's not going to move for the entire season. Unless it's to help carve a pupkin. 12/10 officially… 
This is Rocky. His job at doggo daycare is to fill pup the water buckets for everyone. He does a really good job an… 
RT 

asking for a fren 
Shop Pupdate: all stickers are back AND we put the words "i miss my dog" on every product... you're welcome

🐶 --&gt;… 
This is Yogi. He took his time picking out his favorite dandelion. Knew it was a big decision. Now he wears it prou… 
If you'd like to help out the Dogs of Chernobyl so that one day we can safely give them noggin pats, click below! 🐕

We're here for a good time not a long time 
This is Athena. Today was a very special day for her. She finally met her birth mother. Heartwarming as h*ck. 13/10… 
Meet Frida. She's in the search &amp; rescue division of the Mexican Navy along with two German shepherds. Sadly, she's… 
Meet Dory. She would like u to replace her toys asap. Can't recall what happened to them. Probably came to life and… 
This is Max. He greatly puppreciates you covering him pup. Was getting quite chilly living a snoodless life. 12/10… 
RT 

It was his tail's job: to synchronize all nearby moods to the measure of his joy.

A metronome o…
Hello &amp; welcome to the first meeting of the good boy battalion. Today we'll be exploring inside out ear solutions.… 
This is Furzey. He heard you say "first one to come here is the goodest boy" 13/10 
This is Bandit. I only knew him for a few months, but he made me (and many of you) smile on our worst days. 14/10 r… 
Meet Charlie. He just finished his first puppointment with the vet. Quite pupset. Thought he was going to the park.… 
This...is a Nonconfrontational Portuguese River Bear. We only rate dogs. Please only send in dogs ...12/10 would be… 
This is Buster. He only knows how to take super suggestive selfies. Flirtatious af. 12/10 would never leave on open 
This is Stone. He likes to wear socks outside. It's a questionable lifestyle but I support it. 13/10 would pat head… 
ahem, I think you mean... puplished* 🐶

This is Pavlov. He just graduated. Has big dreams and will absolutely achieve them. 13/10 classically conditioned t… 
Zoey has officially pupproved the U.K. edition of the WeRateDogs book! It'll be in stores all across Great Britain… 
HE LOOKS FANTASTIC IT WAS A NECESSARY PURCHASE. 13/10 
they're good dogs, Blake 
This is Charlie. He's addicted to broccoli. It's tearing his family apart. Won't admit he has a problem. 11/10 we'r… 
Here's a doggo who's rather h*ckin startled by the moving stairs. Puppreciates the assistance good sir. 14/10 
This is Hugo. He is now the rightful owner of your shoe. No take backs. 13/10 would offer a spoonful of peanut butt… 
One year ago my life changed forever 
This is Bella. She's had enough for today. Has decided to float the h*ck away. Miscalculated how many balloons it w… 
Here is a puppo with a paw print on her nose. 13/10 would boop/high five 
The is Lilly, Izzy, and Nacho. They are embracing their frankfurter figures. 13/10 for all. Would boop consecutively 
A close friend just called me to explain the devastation St. John experienced during Irma. Please consider helping… 
I know it's confusing because her name is Panda, but I assure you this is a dog. We only rate dogs...
This is Panda. She really likes to swing. Helps her forget about her problems for a bit. Short snoot for a dog. Sti… 
This is Cooper. He built the picket fence himself. Needed a break from the rest of the world. 13/10 relatable af 
RT 

He keeps trying to share that bone with his reflection i…
A photographer took photos of their dog before and after calling them fabulous. The results are h*ckin shocking. 13… 
This is Apollo. He knows he's h*ckin handsome. Stud status achieved. 12/10 would wink back 
This is Willow. She's training to be the best service puppo she can be. 14/10 would untangle leash so she can get b… 
Meet Czar. He would've turned 30 this year. Here he is looking innocent as h*ck and overwhelmed by a giant tennis b… 
Here is a doggo before and after being presented with stick. 13/10 would throw but never take 
RUPERT OMG I LOVE YOU TOO DO NOT BE DISCOURAGED YOU ARE WONDERFUL 12/10 
AHHH OMG some preordered books are arriving as early as TODAY! In stores everywhere Oct 3rd 🐶❤️ 
Say hello to Rush. He discovered a secret snooze spot. Trusts you not to tell anyone about it. 12/10 sweet DREAMs p… 
THIS 👏 IS 👏 WHAT 👏 PROGRESS 👏 LOOKS 👏 LIKE 👏 13/10 
This is Gigi. She's taking a break from her h*ctic dog schedule to check pup on you. Wanted to make sure you're doi… 
RT 


This is Beaux. He pawmises he wasn't digging. Not even sure where the dirt came from. Clearly all a mispupperstandi… 
This is Lucy. She's trying to learn how to smile. Doing her absolute best. 12/10 that's all we can ask for 
This is Sawyer. He discovered a way to make sure he's first to welcome you home. 13/10 h*ckin thoughtful 
This is Piper. Her ears have deceived her. Would pupreciate some assistance in returning them to their original ori… 
This is Bubba. You could say his life is pretty...suite. Permanent sneaky tongue slip. Dot on forehead indicates op… 
This is Dakota. He accomplished a lot his first time outside. Found stick, nibbled stick, licked grass, AND contemp… 
This is Bentley. He's very puptective of his bear son. Doesn't let him out of sight. 13/10 fatherly af 
RT 
BRAIN: neat
BODY: let's sleep
BRAIN: nah
BODY: c'mon 
BRAIN: a dog named Ralph
BODY: 
BRAIN: can alm…
Meet Lily. This is where she goes when the smoke detector batteries die. Not dealing with that h*ckery. 13/10 would… 
This is Misha. She waves goodbye to her owner everyday before he leaves. 14/10 would hurry back (vid by Dimitri Had… 
Say hello to Chuck. His dream is to take a picture on every rock. Great start so far. 12/10 would support him always 
This is Charlie. He has many admirers. Does his best to stay humble. 14/10 would be an honor to pet 
This is Nyla. She won our #TPDogDay contest. Unfamiliar with the missing TP you’re referring to. 13/10 suggests you… 
This is Max. He tried his best to not let his tongue eject in excitement. Failed miserably. Mission aborted. Still… 
This is Roach. He has dreams of becoming a police puppo, but only if he's allowed to make the siren noises himself.… 
If you're looking to help four legged frens of any kind suffering from #HurricaneHarvey, here's a great place to st… 
For the last time, we only rate dogs. Please don't send in Golden Floor Frogs that love cheek rubs. Thank you... 12… 
these dogs... they're so good
Happy #NationalDogDay everyone! Please reply to this post with your pup pics. Help me create a mega thread of pawesomeness! 🐾
Happy #NationalDogDay! Last day for our #TPDogDay contest with 
 
More info:… 
This is Opie. He just graduated. Not pupared for the ruff transition from pupper to doggo. 12/10 have fun swapping… 
HE TRIED HIS BEST 13/10 
Meet Gunnar. He can’t believe anyone would make this mess. 13/10
 
Submit ur #TPDogDay pic for #NationalDogDay! #ad… 
This is Pepe. He doesn't understand what he did to deserve this. Hurtful as h*ck. 13/10 keep your chin pup Pepe 
RT 

Impawtant Info: 
This is Tally. She has never missed a sunrise from her window seat. Jovial tongue hang justified. 12/10 would trade… 
when you're being a good boy on your late afternoon walk and hear your human tell a passerby how good you are. 14/10 
This is Darcy. She carries two tennis balls wherever she goes. One original, one backpup. 13/10 enlightened af 
1/ Send us a pic of your pup in any toilet paper related scenario for a chance to win a year's supply of… 
Meet Finley. This was his first stick encounter. Came out of nowhere. Did him a startle. 12/10 someone help him 
RT 
 
⚪️ koala
⚪️ jungle. tortoise
🔘 puppo
 
seeking:
 
⚪️ noggin pats
⚪️ passionate boops
⚪️ permission. to zoom
🔘…
This is Waffles. He's a windshield wiper critic. Takes his job h*ckin seriously. 13/10 diligent good boy 
This is Jada. She heard something exciting was happening with the sun today. Might've mixed pup the dates. 12/10 th… 
Meet Bert. He's about to do a slurp. 13/10 would pet again and again 
This is Gracie. She's quite dramatic. You're witnessing her three stages of treat denial: Implore, Foresaken, Venge… 
WE DID IT! Thank you so much to everyone who donated and participated in our Clear The H*ckin Shelters campaign. Ho… 
Meet Maggie &amp; Jasmine. Rescued last year after being abandoned together. Now they're loved like never before. Both… 
Meet Basil. A pup from 
This is Charlie. His owner went to the store for a some soap. Came home with him. 13/10 h*ckin good swap 
Here's the story of how a pup named Nora and her blind friend Charlie rescued their new human. 14/10 for all involv… 
This is Casey. She's doing her best to overcome a difficult past. Slowly warming pup to her new human. 13/10 always… 
This is Norman. He wasn't always as breathtakingly dapper as he is in that photo. Took hard work to achieve such st… 
Meet Bert. An elder golden from Taiwan. Specialties include jumping with all four legs and being very good, of cour… 
This is Willow. She's new to walks. Sits whenever she feels it's necessary. 13/10 has reached a new level of leash… 
still a good boy 13/10 
This is Moose. He just confirmed that pupils can dilate because of love. Sneaky tongue slip as well. 14/10 would gi… 
This is Bentley. He's ready for some serious indoor zoomage. 13/10 h*ckin safe boy 
This is Millie. She was not puppared for such a deliberate frighten. 13/10 would do a speedy console 
This is Seth. His only worry is whether there's enough time in the day to take a picture with every flower. 13/10 
This is Andretti. He has initiated his boop ready stance. Dangerously susceptible to consecutive boops. 12/10 would… 
This is Jimothy. He has chosen his stick. Hopes you approve. 13/10 ambitious af 
RT 


🐶IT'S TIME TO CLEAR 
THE H*CKIN SHELTERS🐶

A weeklong celebration of adopted pups culminating on the 19th!

Info: ⬇️

This is Moose. He is a big boy. Quite shy. Trying to enjoy an evening out. Sits like people to blend in. 12/10 woul… 
This is Maisie. She isn't going anywhere until you smile. Might even stay a bit after that. 13/10 thank you Maisie 
There are almost 10,000 dog "selfies" underneath this tweet if you all need them right now ❤️

This is Huey. He's performing a speedy mlem roll. Maintains eye contact. 14/10 an absolute legend 
This is Ginger. You're witnessing her overcome her fear of boats. She used the "scream, snug, savor" approach. 13/1… 

"Guys I'm keeping the dog"
Schultz, the polar bear we posted a while back, has a new legacy. This is Bueller. He may also be a polar bear. 12/… 
Here's a doggo doing a costly miscalculate. 13/10 (vid by Tyler Burson) 
This is Hank. He was wondering if you could please remove his eye goobers. 12/10 would absolutely comply 
In honor of #NationalSpoilYourDogDay, everyone continue doing what they were definitely already doing
If you have one of our hats, make sure to send us a photo of you (or your dog) wearing it!
🎩
  🐕
Get Yours Here:… 
This is Lucky. Everyday, he takes some time away from his h*ctic schedule to appreciate the flowers. 12/10 
This is Ruby. She just flipped to the weather. Currently a 100% chance of very good girl. 13/10 
This is Riley. She helps with laundry. No sock left behind. 13/10 superb girl 
we have every reason to believe dogs would be benevolent rulers of the planet so i say we give them a shot
Here is a doggo doing crunches. Seems to be struggling. Started counting at one thousand when you walked in. 13/10… 
Meet Samoa. She is pupared for battle. Not sure who it's against or what the battle is about tho. 12/10 would rathe… 
This is Snickers. He picked out that flower specifically. Only needed a little help getting it to stay behind his e… 
Post a pic of ur pup on Instagram for a chance to win $500 from 

Impawtant Info… 
This is Bingo. He was told he could pick out whatever he wanted. Been such a good boy lately. 13/10 one of each ple… 
This is Olli. He's performing a bloop (speedy blep). Hoping his eyes distract you from the tongue to pizza encroach… 
This is Ryley. He's puppared for several noggin pats, maybe a chin scritch too. 13/10 you can help Ryley below… 
"I WANT TO SLEEP HERE. NO HERE. NO. WAIT. HERE. OVER HERE? YES AGAIN. BUT WHAT ABOUT HERE? ALSO SPLENDID. HERE TOO… 
This is Bubba and Koda. They are the lead roles in the four act play: Boop, Retaliation, Remorse, Temptation. 13/10… 
This is Roo. She's being leash trained. I think it's going well. 12/10 would pet with passion 



To get it in the U.K.

oh h*ck 
We actually only rate dogs. Please don't send in arctic speed bears. We appreciate your cooperation. Thank you... 1… 
This is Ares. He just found out he has a son. Couldn't be happier. 12/10 for both. H*ckin heartwarming 
This is Phineas. He's a mystical boy. Only ever appears in the hole of a donut. 13/10 
This is Tilly. She's just checking pup on you. Hopes you're doing ok. If not, she's available for pats, snugs, boop… 
🐶STICKERS🐶

We added a new one and brought back your 3 favorites! 

Free Shipping
Limited Quanitity Available

Shop… 
This is Archie. He is a rare Norwegian Pouncing Corgo. Lives in the tall grass. You never know when one may strike.… 
We must return to land now. Thank you to all who made #BarkWeek 2017 so wonderful. I highly recommend browsing that… 
This is Darla. She commenced a snooze mid meal. 13/10 happens to the best of us 
We may or may not be covering corgi races on our snapchat today. You'll have to add us to find out 🐶🏁


This is Franklin. He would like you to stop calling him "cute." He is a very fierce shark and should be respected a… 
Here we have a majestic great white breaching off South Africa's coast. Absolutely h*ckin breathtaking. 13/10 (IG:… 
Meet Jax. He enjoys ice cream so much he gets nervous around it. 13/10 help Jax enjoy more things by clicking below… 
When you watch your owner call another dog a good boy but then they turn back to you and say you're a great boy. 13… 
This is Zoey. She doesn't want to be one of the scary sharks. Just wants to be a snuggly pettable boatpet. 13/10… 
This is Cassie. She is a college pup. Studying international doggo communication and stick theory. 14/10 so elegant… 
This is Koda. He is a South Australian deckshark. Deceptively deadly. Frighteningly majestic. 13/10 would risk a pe… 
This is Bruno. He is a service shark. Only gets out of the water to assist you. 13/10 terrifyingly good boy 
Here's a puppo that seems to be on the fence about something haha no but seriously someone help her. 13/10 
This is Ted. He does his best. Sometimes that's not enough. But it's ok. 12/10 would assist 
This is Stuart. He's sporting his favorite fanny pack. Secretly filled with bones only. 13/10 puppared puppo… 
This is Oliver. You're witnessing one of his many brutal attacks. Seems to be playing with his victim. 13/10 fr*cki… 
Welcome to #BarkWeek 2017. Use the hashtag to submit your sharks. It's going to get h*ckin terrifying 🦈🐶 
This is Jim. He found a fren. Taught him how to sit like the good boys. 12/10 for both 
This is Zeke. He has a new stick. Very proud of it. Would like you to throw it for him without taking it. 13/10 wou… 
This is Ralphus. He's powering up. Attempting maximum borkdrive. 13/10 inspirational af 
This is Gerald. He was just told he didn't get the job he interviewed for. A h*ckin injustice. 12/10 didn't want th… 
This is Jeffrey. He has a monopoly on the pool noodles. Currently running a 'boop for two' midweek sale. 13/10 h*ck… 
I've yet to rate a Venezuelan Hover Wiener. This is such an honor. 14/10 paw-inspiring af (IG: roxy.thedoxy) 
This is Canela. She attempted some fancy porch pics. They were unsuccessful. 13/10 someone help her 
You may not have known you needed to see this today. 13/10 please enjoy (IG: emmylouroo) 
This... is a Jubilant Antarctic House Bear. We only rate dogs. Please only send dogs. Thank you... 12/10 would suff… 
Happy birthday Mingus ❤️ 
This is Maya. She's very shy. Rarely leaves her cup. 13/10 would find her an environment to thrive in 
I found some pics of pupper Mingus. I hope you enjoy 
This is Mingus. He's a wonderful father to his smol pup. Confirmed 13/10, but he needs your help… 
RT 

Shop Now: 
This is Derek. He's late for a dog meeting. 13/10 pet...al to the metal 

actual response: back to back 
This is Roscoe. Another pupper fallen victim to spontaneous tongue ejections. Get the BlepiPen immediate. 12/10 dee… 
Gray hats are finally restocked! Very sorry that it took like an entire dog year 🐶🎩

Shop Now:… 
This is Waffles. His doggles are pupside down. Unsure how to fix. 13/10 someone assist Waffles 
Our snapchat story is h*ckin ridiculous right now. The 
Viewer discretion advised. This is Jimbo. He will rip ur finger right h*ckin off. Other dog clearly an accessory. 1… 
I hope you get to make eye contact with a stranger's dog tomorrow
This is Maisey. She fell asleep mid-excavation. Happens to the best of us. 13/10 would pat noggin approvingly 
I have a new hero and his name is Howard. 14/10 
pleasure doing business 
Here we have a corgi undercover as a malamute. Pawbably doing important investigative work. Zero control over tongu… 
This is Earl. He found a hat. Nervous about what you think of it. 12/10 it's delightful, Earl 
hello yes I'd like to vote for all 25 candidates and also every other dog in existence please tell me when that opt… 
This is Lola. It's her first time outside. Must test the earth and taste the atmosphere. 13/10 you're doing great L… 
This is Kevin. He's just so happy. 13/10 what is your secret Kevin 
I present to you, Pup in Hat. Pup in Hat is great for all occasions. Extremely versatile. Compact as h*ck. 14/10 (I… 
OMG HE DIDN'T MEAN TO HE WAS JUST TRYING A LITTLE BARKOUR HE'S SUPER SORRY 13/10 WOULD FORGIVE IMMEDIATE 
Meet Yogi. He doesn't have any important dog meetings today he just enjoys looking his best at all times. 12/10 for… 
This is Noah. He can't believe someone made this mess. Got the vacuum out for you though. Offered to help clean pup… 
This is Bella. She hopes her smile made you smile. If not, she is also offering you her favorite monkey. 13.5/10 
Meet Grizzwald. He may be the floofiest floofer I ever did see. Lost eyes saving a schoolbus from a volcano erpupti… 
RT 

Sign pup: 
Please only send dogs. We don't rate mechanics, no matter how h*ckin good. Thank you... 13/10 would sneak a pat 
I'll be at the 

Sign pup: 
This is Rusty. He wasn't ready for the first pic. Clearly puppared for the second. 13/10 confirmed great boy 
The next few professional dog ratings are supupported by our "no shame in doin' a snooze" pillow 🐶💤

Get Yours Here… 
the dogs... they're getting better
I have some important news
This is Gus. He's quite the cheeky pupper. Already perfected the disinterested wink. 12/10 would let steal my girl 
RT 

Good job! 🐶 
This is Stanley. He has his first swim lesson today. Doggle straps adjusted. Ready to go. 13/10 Phelps is nervous (… 
This is Alfy. You're witnessing his first watermelon experience. I think it was a success. 13/10 happy 4th Alfy 🇺🇸 
Remember that it's ok to cry over a good dog every once in a while  ❤️
This is Koko. Her owner, inspired by Barney, recently built a cart for her to use during walks if she got tired. 13… 
This is Rey. He's a Benebop Cumberfloof. 12/10 dangerously pettable 
This is Gary. He couldn't miss this puppertunity for a selfie. Flawless focusing skills. 13/10 would boop intensely 
Here is a pupper approaching maximum borkdrive. Zooming at never before seen speeds. 14/10 paw-inspiring af 
(IG: p… 
Meet Elliot. He's a Canadian Forrest Pup. Unusual number of antlers for a dog. Sneaky tongue slip to celebrate… 
Atlas is reporting live on our snapchat from SoCal Corgi Beach Day 2017!

Add us: 
This is Louis. He's crossing. It's a big deal. 13/10 h*ckin breathtaking 
Ugh not again. We only rate dogs. Please don't send in well-dressed  floppy-tongued street penguins. Dogs only plea… 
This is Bella. She had her first beach experience this morning. Complete success. 12/10 would perform a sandy boop 
Meet Jesse. He's a Fetty Woof. His tongue ejects without warning. A true bleptomaniac. 12/10 would snug well 
Please don't send in photos without dogs in them. We're not 
This is Romeo. He would like to do an entrance. Requesting your immediate assistance. 13/10 
RT 

Shop Now: 
We finally made merch with a corgi butt on it. I'm sorry it took so long 

Shop Now: 
This is Bailey. He thinks you should measure ear length for signs of growth instead. 12/10 
This is Duddles. He did an attempt. 13/10 someone help him (vid by Georgia Felici) 
This is Jack AKA Stephen Furry. You're not scoring on him. Unless he slips down the slide. 12/10 would happily get… 
Many of you have mentioned to us how much you love this show. Let's not let it go without a fight #MoreDD 
This is Steven. He has trouble relating to other dogs. Quite shy. Neck longer than average. Tropical probably. 11/1… 
This is Beau. That is Beau's balloon. He takes it everywhere. 13/10 would protect at all costs 
This is Snoopy. He's a proud #PrideMonthPuppo. Impeccable handwriting for not having thumbs. 13/10 would love back… 
Martha is stunning how h*ckin dare you. 13/10 
Something that we cannot lose sight of is how good the dogs are
RT 


Meet Shadow. In an attempt to reach maximum zooming borkdrive, he tore his ACL. Still 13/10 tho. Help him out below… 
This is Emmy. She was adopted today. Massive round of pupplause for Emmy and her new family. 14/10 for all involved 
If you're ever in the mood to look at over 6,000 good dog selfies in one place, here's the best thread in existence 
This is Aja. She was just told she's a good dog. Suspicions confirmed. 13/10 would tell again 
For #NationalSelfieDay please reply to this with your dog's best selfie! (picture must be taken by the dog I can tell if it's not)
This is Penny. She's both pupset and fired pup. Not pleased w your barbaric attempts at cleanliness. 12/10 would en… 
Meet Dante. At first he wasn't a fan of his new raincoat, then he saw his reflection. H*ckin handsome. 13/10 for wa… 
This is Nelly. He graduated with his dogtorate today. Wants to know if you're proud of him. 12/10 would give congra… 
RT 

Shop Now: 
We've got all the American dog lovers out there covered for 4th of July 🇺🇸🐶

Shop Now: 
This is Ginger. She's having a ruff Monday. Too many pupper things going on. H*ckin exhausting. 12/10 would snug pa… 
RT 
6 months
9 months
1 year
happy birthday Parker 
I can say with the pupmost confidence that the doggos who assisted with this search are heroic as h*ck. 14/10 for a… 
This is Benedict. He wants to thank you for this delightful urban walk. Hopes you know he loves you. 13/10 super du… 
Meet Venti, a seemingly caffeinated puppoccino. She was just informed the weekend would include walks, pats and scr… 
WE'RE MAKING CALENDARS WITH 

🐶 BOTH WALL AND DAILY
🐶 GOOD DOGS INCLUDED
🐶 PERHAPS EVEN GREAT DOGS
This is Goose. He's a womanizer. Cheeky as h*ck, but also deep. Tongue slip game on another level. 13/10 will steal… 
Meet Nugget and Hank. Nugget took Hank's bone. Hank is wondering if you would please return it to him. Both 13/10 w… 
You'll get your package when that precious man is done appreciating the pups. 13/10 for everyone 
Guys please stop sending pictures without any dogs in th- oh never mind hello excuse me sir. 12/10 stealthy as h*ck 
Meet Cash. He hath acquired a stick. A very good stick tbh. 12/10 would pat head approvingly 
This is Jed. He may be the fanciest pupper in the game right now. Knows it too. 13/10 would sign modeling contract 
RT 

htt…
I can't believe this keeps happening. This, is a birb taking a bath. We only rate dogs. Please only send dogs. Than… 
Today is the last day to get Father's Day stuff by Father's Day!

Something for every dog dad out there 🐕

Shop Now… 
This is Sebastian. He can't see all the colors of the rainbow, but he can see that this flag makes his human happy.… 
We usually don't rate Deck-bound Saskatoon Black Bears, but this one is h*ckin flawless. Sneaky tongue slip too. 13… 
RT 


This is Sierra. She's one precious pupper. Absolute 12/10. Been in and out of ICU her whole life. Help Sierra below… 
RT 
I love it 😩 
RT 

We made a sticker to celebrate 🐕

(all previous stickers also available)

RT 

c. wags (good. ones)
2. cheese
III. invading spaces
7. stick
4. quests
7. peanut. butter…
Here's a very large dog. He has a date later. Politely asked this water person to check if his breath is bad. 12/10… 
The Paris Pupdate to 

Ils sont des bons chiens, Brent

Download now on iOS:… 
Today is National Best Friend Day! 

We made a sticker to celebrate 🐕

(all previous stickers also available)… 
Here are my favorite #dogsatpollingstations 
Most voted for a more consistent walking schedule and to increase dail… 
This is Monkey. She's supporting owners everywhere with her fancy #PrideMonth bandana. 13/10 love is love is love... 
We. Only. Rate. Dogs. Do not send in other things like this fluffy floor shark clearly ready to attack. Get it toge… 
This is Harry. His ears are activated one at a time. Incredibly rare to witness in person. Very special moment here… 
This is Kody. He's a baller. Wishes he was a little bit taller. Double dribbles often. Still 12/10 would happily ge… 
Say hello to Lassie. She's celebrating #PrideMonth by being a splendid mix of astute and adorable. Proudly supuppor… 
ICYMI: we now have designs for both dog moms AND dog dads 🐶

Check em out: 
This is Rover. As part of pupper protocol he had to at least attempt to eat the plant. Confirmed not tasty. Needs p… 
This is Napolean. He's a Raggedy East Nicaraguan Zoom Zoom. Runs on one leg. Built for deception. No eyes. Good wit… 
If your dog is celebrating LGBTQ Pride Month by wearing rainbow or just being extra good, pls use #PrideMonthPuppo so we can find it! 🐶🏳️‍🌈
Never doubt a doggo 14/10 
This is Boomer. He's doing an advanced water takeoff. The opposite of Sully. Ears for control, mlem for style. 13/1… 
RT 
New hat. 
Real funny guys. Sending in a pic without a dog in it. Hilarious. We'll rate the rug tho because it's giving off a… 
Our Father's Day collection is here!

Probably something for all the dog loving dads out there idk

Shop Now 🐕:… 
Cody's worried he's going to miss a summertime full of outside zooms. Let's see if we can change that 
This is Cody. He zoomed too aggressively and tore his ACL. Happens to the best of us. Still 13/10

Help Cody here:… 
This is Zoey. She really likes the planet. Would hate to see willful ignorance and the denial of fairly elemental s… 
This is Rumble, but he's not ready to. Would rather fall asleep in his bath bucket. 13/10 would attempt a boop with… 
Meet Clifford. He's quite large. Also red. Good w kids. Somehow never steps on them. Massive poops very inconvenien… 
RT 

 
I'm so sorry


This is Dewey (pronounced "covfefe"). He's having a good walk. Arguably the best walk. 13/10 would snug softly 
Meet Stanley. He likes road trips. Will shift for you. One ear more effective than other. 13/10 we don't leave unti… 
This is Scout. He just graduated. Officially a doggo now. Have fun with taxes and losing sight of your ambitions. 1… 
This is Gizmo. His favorite thing is standing pupright like a hooman. Sneaky tongue slip status achieved. 13/10 wou… 
Friendly reminder that they're good dogs, Brent

Shop Now: 
This is Walter. He won't start hydrotherapy without his favorite floatie. 14/10 keep it pup Walter 
RT 


Here's a h*ckin peaceful boy. Unbothered by the comings and goings. 13/10 please reveal your wise ways 
Say hello to Cooper. His expression is the same wet or dry. Absolute 12/10 but Coop desperately requests your help… 
What's really great about dogs is that they're just so good
Unbelievable. We only rate dogs. Please don't send in non-canines like the "I" from Pixar's opening credits. Thank… 
Meet Harold.  He's h*ckin cooperative. 13/10 good work Harold 
RT 
MY CROPS ARE GROWING 
ATLAS IS HERE 
HIS TEEFS ARE SHOWING 
This is Shikha. She just watched you drop a skittle on the ground and still eat it. Could not be less impressed. 12… 
Oh my this spooked me up. We only rate dogs, not happy ghosts. Please send dogs only. It's a very simple premise. T… 
I know I mention this video a lot, but it never fails to make me smile. 15 seconds to take your mind off the world. We'll be alright ❤
He was providing for his family 13/10 how dare you 
This is Lili. She can't believe you betrayed her with bath time. Never looking you in the eye again. 12/10 would pu… 
This is Jamesy. He gives a kiss to every other pupper he sees on his walk. 13/10 such passion, much tender 
This is Coco. At first I thought she was a cloud but clouds don't bork with such passion. 12/10 would hug softly 
Daisy has been adopted! The family who fostered her decided after only 3 days that her stay would be permanent. Wel… 
It's Atlas' first birthday and he's celebrating on our snapchat!


Meet Boomer. He's just checking pup on you. Hopes you had a good day. If not, he hopes he made it better. 13/10 ext… 
I hope a dog smiles at you tomorrow
This is Sammy. Her tongue ejects without warning sometimes. It's a serious condition. Needs a hefty dose from a Ble… 
RT 

I'd drive much safer if I saw this on a nearby car. H*ckin 10 &amp; 2 

Shop Now: 
This is Nelly. He really hopes you like his Hawaiian shirt. He already tore the tags off. 13/10 h*ck of a puppurcha… 
Doggo On Board magnets are here!

I'd drive much safer if I saw this on a nearby car. H*ckin 10 &amp; 2 

Shop Now:… 
We only rate dogs. Please don't send in Jesus. We're trying to remain professional and legitimate. Thank you... 14/… 


1. them all
This is Meatball. He doing what's known in the industry as a mid-strut mlem. H*ckin fancy boy. 12/10 I'd do anythin… 
This is Paisley. She ate a flower just to prove she could. Savage af. 13/10 would pet so well 
This is Albus. He's quite impressive at hide and seek. Knows he's been found this time. 13/10 usually elusive as h*… 
This is Neptune. He's a backpup vocalist for the Dixie Chicks. 13/10 (vid by 
Mother's Day Sale! 🐶

Use code "DOGMOM" for 10% Off

Lasts until tomorrow night! 🐕

Shop Now →… 
RT 


This is Belle. She's never been more pupset. Encountered the worst imaginable type of zone. 12/10 would do anything… 
I think we should seriously consider the possibility that dogs are not only good, but great as well
RT 
Play Good Dogs now on iOS + Android 
Ladies and gentlemen... I found Pipsy. He may have changed his name to Pablo, but he never changed his love for the… 
Say hello to Quinn. She's quite the goofball. Not even a year old. Confirmed 13/10 but she really needs your help… 
This is Zooey. She's the world's biggest fan of illiterate delivery people. 13/10 not your fault they don't listen,… 
This is Dave. He passed the h*ck out. It's barely the afternoon on a Thursday, Dave. Get it together. Still 11/10 w… 
This is Jersey. He likes to watch movies, but only if you watch with him. Enjoys horror films like The Bababork and… 
We only rate dogs. Please don't send perfectly toasted marshmallows attempting to drive. Thank you... 13/10 
RT 

Play Now! 

Ils sont tous bons chien…
This is Hobbes. He's never seen bubbles before. 13/10 deep breaths buddy 
This video was brought to you by this wonderful Instagram page! Give it a follow 🐶

HI. MY. NAME. IS. BOOMER. AND. I. WANT. TO. SAY. IT'S. H*CKIN. RIDICULOUS. THAT. DOGS. CAN'T VOTE. ABSOLUTE. CODSWA… 
This is Burt. He thinks your thesis statement is comically underdeveloped. 12/10 intellectual af 
RT 




Me, an intellectual: no they're not
H*CK CANCER
Meet Lorenzo. He's an avid nifty hat wearer and absolute 13/10, but he needs your help to beat cancer. Link below… 
This is Carl. He likes to dance. Doesn't care what you think about it. 13/10 h*ckin confident pup 
This is Jordy. He likes to go on adventures and watch the small scaly underwater dogs with fins pass him by. 12/10… 
Here we have perhaps the wisest dog of all. Above average with light sabers. Immortal as h*ck. 14/10 dog, or dog no… 
It's the last day to get any of these fine doggo mommo products by Mother's Day! 🐶

Meet Milky. She has no idea what happened. Just as pupset as you. Perhaps a sheep exploded. Even offered to help cl… 
Meet Trooper. He picks pup recyclables that have blown out of bins in the neighborhood and puts them back. 13/10 en… 
Sorry for the lack of posts today. I came home from school and had to spend quality time with my puppo. Her name is… 
RT 


We only rate dogs. This is quite clearly a smol broken polar bear. We'd appreciate if you only send dogs. Thank you… 
Here we have an exotic dog. Good at ukulele. Fashionable af. Has two more arms if needed. Is blue. Knows what 'ohan… 
I have stumbled puppon a doggo painting party. They're looking to be the next Pupcasso or Puppollock. All 13/10 wou… 
This is Sophie. She just arrived. Used pawority shipping. Speedy as h*ck delivery. 13/10 would carefully assemble 
RT 

Now, where to find a thought bubble sticker to go around it. 
This is Wyatt. He had an interview earlier today. Was just told he didn't get the job. A h*ckin injustice. Still 12… 
This is Rosie. She was just informed of the walk that's about to happen. Knows there are many a stick along the way… 
RT 

Let your mom know it's ok that her dog is more important than you 🐶

Shop Now: 
Meet Thor. He doesn't have finals because he's a dog but is pupset you have finals. Just wants to play. 13/10 would… 
RT 

play Good Dogs now!

Mother's Day Collection is Here!

Let your mom know it's ok that her dog is more important than you 🐶

Shop Now:… 
If you're stressing over finals:

1. find dog
2. pet dog
Instead of the usual nightly dog rate, I'm sharing this story with you. Meeko is 13/10 and would like your help… 
This is Oscar and Oliver. Oliver shrunk Oscar. Oscar isn't pleased about it. Quite pupset tbh. Oliver doesn't seem… 
RT 

3. no taxes
a. pets
• belly scritches
7. zooms (fast ones)
7. occasional swims
d) snoozes
1. peanut…
This is Zeke. He performs group cheeky wink tutorials. Pawfect execution here. 12/10 would wink back 
This is Callie. She'll be your navigator today. Takes her job very seriously. Will shift for you. One ear always in… 
THIS IS CHARLIE, MARK. HE DID JUST WANT TO SAY HI AFTER ALL. PUPGRADED TO A 14/10. WOULD BE AN HONOR TO FLY WITH 
This is Cermet, Paesh, and Morple. They are absolute h*ckin superstars. Watered every day so they can grow. 14/10 f… 
HE'S LIKE "WAIT A MINUTE I'M AN ANIMAL THIS IS AMAZING HI HUMAN I LOVE YOU AS WELL" 13/10 
Here's a puppo participating in the #ScienceMarch. Cleverly disguising her own doggo agenda. 13/10 would keep the p… 
New &amp; Improved classes of travel:

Economy class - $
Business class - $$$
First class - $$$$$
Seat next to a dog - *value is incalculable
I HEARD HE TIED HIS OWN BOWTIE MARK AND HE JUST WANTS TO SAY HI AND MAYBE A NOGGIN PAT SHOW SOME RESPECT 13/10 


but as long as everyone kn… 
Guys, we only rate dogs. This is quite clearly a bulbasaur. Please only send dogs. Thank you... 12/10 human used pe… 
This is Marlee. She fetched a flower and immediately requested that it be placed behind her ear. 12/10 elegant af 
Alpha Doggo Omegood Boy 
RT 

Shop Now:

This is Arya. She can barely contain her excitement for more peanut butter. Also patriotic af. 13/10 
We just completed a massive pupdate to our app, Good Dogs!

More Maps + More Doggos

We hope you enjoy 🐶

Download:… 
Mister will be doing incredible doggo things all day on our snapchat!

Add us: 
We now have products specifically for all the rebellious doggos out there

Shop Now:

This is Einstein. He's having a really good day. Hopes you are too. H*ckin nifty tongue. 13/10 would snug intensely 
Sometimes you guys remind me just how impactful a pupper can be. Cooper will be remembered as a good boy by so many… 
At first I thought this was a shy doggo, but it's actually a Rare Canadian Floofer Owl. Amateurs would confuse the… 
Say hello to Alice. I'm told she enjoys car rides and smells good. 12/10 would give her everything she could ever w… 
A photographer took pictures before and after he told his bunny he's a good boy. Here are the results. 13/10 
This is Rumpole. He'll be your Uber driver this evening. Won't start driving until you buckle pup. 13/10 h*ckin saf… 
I've posted this once before, but the situation has escalated and Blue needs further surgery. Good luck Blue! 🐶… 
RT 


Meet Benny. He likes being adorable and making fun of you while you're on the trampoline. 12/10 let's help him out… 
This is Aspen. She's never tasted a stick so succulent. On the verge of tears. A face of pure appreciation. 12/10 
This is Jarod. He likes having his belly brushed. Tongue ejects when you hit the right spot. 13/10 downright h*ckin… 
THIS IS GOING TO BE SO MUCH FUN. It's open to the public, and we'll also do a livestream. Can't wait to discuss dog… 
This is Wiggles. She would like you to spot her. Probably won't need your help but just in case. 13/10 powerful as… 
Both of our stickers are currently available in black and white, but probably not for very long 🐶

Grab yours:… 
Here's a pupdate in case you're worried about what happened next :)

Meet General. He wasn't content with the quality of his room. Requested to pupgrade, but was ignored. 14/10 look wh… 
This is Sailor. He has collected the best dirt in the area. As any good boy would. Under the impression you know wh… 
In honor of #NationalPetDay, please make sure to pet your dog more than usual
Oh jeez u did me quite the spook little fella. We normally don't rate triceratops but this one seems suspiciously g… 
This is Iggy. He was a rescue dog killed in the Stockholm attack. His memorial started with a collar and four bones… 
Day 483 in the bubble: this is simply h*ckin ridiculous
Meet Snoop. His number one passion is sticking his head out of car windows, so he purchased some doggles. Stylish a… 
This is Kyle. He made a joke about your shoes, then stuck his tongue out at you. Uncalled for. Step the h*ck up Kyl… 
Join the fun! 🐶
Add us: weratedogs 
This is Leo. He's a personal triathlon coach. Currently overseeing this athlete's push-pups. H*ckin brutal. 13/10 w… 
This is Riley. He's making new friends. Jubilant as h*ck for the fun times ahead. 11/10 for all pups pictured 
oh h*ck... it's Omar's now 
Say hello to Boomer. He's a sandy pupper. Having a h*ckin blast. 12/10 would pet passionately 
Seriously guys? Again? We only rate dogs. Please stop submitting other things like this super good hammerhead shark… 
This is Noosh. He noticed you were in the shower and thought you could use some company. 12/10 h*ckin loyal 
dogs. 
At first I thought this was a dog because of the sign, but it is clearly Wilson from Home Improvement. Please only… 
This is Kevin. Kevin doesn't give a single h*ck. Will sit in the fountain if he wants to. 13/10 churlish af 
Please stop sending in animals other than dogs. We only rate dogs. Not Furry Ecuadorian Sea Turtles. Thank you... 1… 
Meet Odin. He's supposed to be giving directions but he'd rather look at u like that. Should probably buckle pup. 1… 
Jerry just apuppologized to me. He said there was no ill-intent to the slippage. I overreacted I admit. Pupgraded to an 11/10 would pet
This is Jerry. He's doing a distinguished tongue slip. Slightly patronizing tbh. You think you're better than us, J… 
We may have taken April Fool's Day a bit too far with that one, but at least we didn't rate a cat or something ridiculous
...they're great #AprilFools
Some dogs aren't good
This is Georgie. He's very shy. Only puppears when called. Aggressively average at fetch. Unique front paws. Looks… 
This is Rontu. He is described as a pal, cuddle bug, protector and constant shadow. 12/10, but he needs your help… 
This is Cannon. He just heard something behind him. Fr*ckin frightened af. 12/10 don't look back just run 
I've been informed by sources that this is actually a seagull. I apologize. It won't happen again. We only rate dogs
This is Furzey. He's doing an elevated sandy zoom. Adjusts ears to steer. 12/10 would pet mid flight 
Meet Daisy. She's been pup for adoption for months now but hasn't gotten any applications. 11/10 let's change that… 
Unbelievable... We. Only. Rate. Dogs. Please stop sending in other things like this Blossoming Flop Kangaroo. Thank… 
This is Tuck. As you can see, he's rather h*ckin rare. Taken seriously until his legs are seen. Tail stuck in a per… 
this is important David thank you for this research 
This is Barney. He's an elder doggo. Hitches a ride when he gets tired. Waves goodbye before he leaves. 13/10 pleas… 
THIS WAS NOT HIS FAULT HE HAD NO IDEA. 11/10 STILL A VERY GOOD DOG 
Yes... I should've said "puppertunistic af." I'll do better next time
This is Vixen. He really likes bananas. Steals them when he thinks nobody's watching. 13/10 opportunistic af 
SHE DID AN ICY ZOOM AND KNEW WHEN TO PUT ON THE BRAKES 13/10 CANCEL THE GAME THIS IS ALL WE NEED 
ICYMI: We have pillows now! 🐶


Meet Jarvis. The snow pupsets him. Officially ready for summer. 12/10 would perform a chilly boop 
We usually don't rate polar bears but this one seems extra good. Majestic as h*ck. 13/10 would hug for a while 
If there's one thing. i want you to really understand. it's that dogs. are so good
C'mon guys. Please only send in dogs. We only rate dogs, not Exceptional-Tongued Peruvian Floor Bears. Thank you...… 
Say hello to Mimosa. She's an emotional support doggo who helps her owner with PTSD. 13/10, but she needs your help… 
WE HAVE PUPPILLOWS NOW BECAUSE WHY NOT

3 Old Designs + 2 New 

18" x 18"  or  20" x 12"

Shop Now↴… 
This is Pickles. She's a silly pupper. Thinks she's a dish. 12/10 would dry 
All doggos are puppers today if they want to be #NationalPuppyDay #SayNoToDoggoDiscrimination
PUPDATE: I'm proud to announce that Toby is 236 days sober. Pupgraded to a 13/10. We're all very proud of you, Toby 
This is Brady. He's a recovering alcoholic. Demonstrating incredible restraint here. 12/10 don't give pup, don't gi… 
Would you mind if i

ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤpet your dog  
ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ
I may have rushed to judge the bee. It may have been attempting a boop and slipped. Regardless, we must protect Luna at all costs
This is Luna. It's her first time outside and a bee stung her nose. Completely h*ckin uncalled for. 13/10 where's t… 
I'm receiving word that this is not actually a washing machine, but a rocket launch simulator Charlie built. He named it Pup, Pup, and Away
This is Charlie. He wants to know if you have a moment to talk about washing machine insurance policies. 11/10 woul… 
PUPDATE: Rocco almost made it today
This is Margo. She just dug pup a massive hole. Can't wait for you to see it. H*ckin proud of herself. 12/10 would… 
HE WAS DOING A SNOOZE NO SHAME IN A SNOOZE 13/10 
Say hello to Sadie and Daisy. They do all their shopping together. Can never agree on what to get. Like an old marr… 
This is Hank. He's been outside for 3 minutes and already made a friend. Way to go Hank. 11/10 for both 
This is Tycho. She just had new wheels installed. About to do a zoom. 0-60 in 2.4 seconds. 13/10 inspirational as h… 
Ok I'm crying 
You guys made quick work of those so we made more! 🐶 
This is Charlie. He's wishing you a very fun and safe St. Pawtrick's Day. 13/10 festive af 
We finally turned our logo into a sticker for you guys! 

Free Shipping

Limited Quantity Available

Shop Now:… 
Meet Indie. She's not a fan of baths but she's definitely a fan of hide &amp; seek. 12/10 click the link to help Indie… 
THANK YOU 
This is Winnie. She lost her body saving a children's hospital from an avalanche. 13/10 what a h*ckin hero 
Reasons dogs are good:

•they are
•they just are
•I don't have enough characters to elaborate
•they just are
Meet George. He looks slightly deflated but overall quite powerful. Not sure how that human restrained him. 12/10 w… 
RT 
hi
hi
hi
hi
hi
hi
hi
hi
hi
hi
hi
hi
hi
hi
hi
hi
hi
hi 
This is Bentley. It's his first time going to the beach. I think he's a fan. 12/10 would build sand castles with 
This is Penny. She's a dragon slayer. Feared by most, if not all, dragons. Showing off her latest victim here. 12/1… 
Here we have some incredible doggos for #K9VeteransDay. All brave as h*ck. Salute your dog in solidarity. 14/10 for… 
Reminder that they're good dogs 🐶

Get Yours↴

We don't rate penguins, but if we did, this one would get 12/10 
This is Max. There's no way in h*ck you're taking his pacifier. Binky promises it's not happening. 13/10 very good… 
This is Dawn. She's just checking pup on you. Making sure you're doing okay. 12/10 she's here if you need her 
May I Puppose: Doglight Saving Time, an extra hour to do nothing but activities with ur dog. High ranking government followers pls consider
Daylight Saving Time isn't good because that's one less hour you could spend with your dog
AND ALL LOSSES TOO TBH
PRETTY MUCH ALL SITUATIONS SHOULD BE CELEBRATED WITH THE ARRIVAL OF A PUPPY 
RT 

 
RT 


I didn't even have to intervene. Took him 4 minutes to realize his error. 10/10 for Kevin 
Say hello to Maddie and Gunner. They are considerably pupset about bath time. Both 12/10 but Gunner needs your help… 
You have been visited by the magical sugar jar puggo. He has granted you three boops. 13/10 would use immediately 
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT LAST NIGHT, THIS IS HAPPENING 
This is Monty. He makes instantly regrettable decisions. Couldn't help himself. It looked like a ghost lollipop. 12… 
RT 
ITS CALLED EVERYONES A ALIEBN WHEN UR A ALIEBN TOO
HERES THE COVER
U CAN PREORDER IT NOW

IF YOU CAN'T WAIT THAT LONG DON'T WORRY WE WILL POST MANY A DOGGO ON HERE BETWEEN NOW AND THEN
PUPLICATION DATE IS SET FOR EARLY OCTOBER
I'M MAKING A BOOK
IT HAS DOGS
THEY'RE ALL GOOD
MOST HAVE NEVER BEEN SEEN BY THE INTERNET

YOU CAN PREORDER IT NOW… 
I have an announcement
Meet Sojourner. His nose is a Fibonacci Spiral. Legendary af. 13/10 we must protect him at all costs 
If you didn't pet a dog today, that's okay, tomorrow you might pet two
Meet Winston. He knows he's a little too big for the swing, but he doesn't care. Kindly requests a push. 12/10 woul… 
*finger to earpiece* wait... I'm receiving word that this is actually a mix between a Clydesdale and Hercules from the Sandlot
This is Odie. He's big. 13/10 would attempt to ride 
Dogs are very good and I think that's important
SHE MISPLACED HER HOOMAN 13/10 MISTAKES HAPPEN 
RT 
(yes, those are socks)

Shop Now: 
This is Arlo. He's officially the king of snowy tongue slips. 13/10 would comfort during inevitable brain freeze 
SAINT PATRICK'S DAY DESIGNS ARE HERE 🍀🐶🍀
(yes, those are socks)

Shop Now: 
This is Walter. His owner has been watching all the Iditarod coverage and is convinced Walter can be a sled dog. 13… 
I'm home for a week so you all can follow Zoey on our snapchat: WeRateDogs 
Hold pup... I'm getting repawts that this may actually be a Hitchhiking Polar Bear
This is Stanley. Somehow he heard you tell him he's a good boy from all the way up there. 13/10 I love you Stanley 
Can... can I pet Dave yet? 
The famous Atlas (after a lot of convincing on my part) finally made an Instagram. His username is: everythingatlas 
This is Daisy. She's puppears to be rare as all h*ck. Only seven like her currently domesticated. 13/10 pettable af 
There's still time
Here's a pupper before and after being asked "who's a good girl?" Unsure as h*ck. 12/10 hint hint it's you 
I hope you all get to pet a dog today
This is Waffles. He's a ship captain in real life and in 
This is Vincent. He's suave as h*ck. Will be your copilot this evening. Claims he doesn't need to look at the direc… 
Even though I've only gotten him to level 3, I'm a big proponent of Arthur the Firefighting Corgicool and his sneak… 
This is Lucy. She has a portrait of herself on her ear. Excellent for identification pupposes. 13/10 innovative af 
Yes, we are aware that most of you already immerse yourself in a world where your dog is all that matters
THE DOGGOS ARE IN JAPAN NOW! 
🌸
Immerse yourself in a world where your dog is all that matters 🐶
🌸
Download Here:… 
This is Clark. He passed pupper training today. Round of appaws for Clark. 13/10 
Even if I tried (which I would never), I'd last like 17 seconds
Lol jk could you imagine
For lent I'm giving up petting dogs
This is Mookie. He really enjoys shopping but not from such high altitudes. Doin him quite the concern. 12/10 someo… 
This is Meera. She just heard about taxes and how much a doghouse in a nice area costs. Not pupared to be a  doggo… 
Say hello to Oliver. He's pretty exotic. Fairly pupset as well. Too many midterms coming pup. 11/10 would pet with… 
This is Ava. She just blasted off. Streamline af. Aerodynamic as h*ck. One small step for pupper, one giant leap fo… 
This is Lucy. She spent all morning overseeing the shoveling of the driveway. H*ckin hard work. 13/10 very good gir… 
ICYMI: we did this over the weekend 
And the Oscar for best dog goes to... them all
Day 441 in the bubble: henlo everyone I'm doing fine. Actually feeling pretty good watching all this ridiculousness from above
Atlas is back and this time he's prettier than the sunset. Seems to be aware of it too. 13/10 would give modeling c… 
The puns made in the comments that are better than mine hurt me deeply just so you know
This is Eli. He works backstage at Bone Jovi concerts. Heavy duty earmuffs for puptection. H*ckin safe boy. 11/10 
RT 


Meet Ash. He's a Benebop Cumberplop. Quite rare. Fairly portable. Lil sandy tho. Clearly knows something you don't.… 
Meet Lola. Her hobbies include being precious af and using her foot as a toothbrush. 12/10 Lola requests your help… 
Since you all seem to enjoy our "oh h*ck" hats, we added the phrase to every other product! 🐶

Shop Now:… 
We only rate dogs. Please don't send in any non-canines like this Floppy Tongued House Panda. Thank you... 12/10 wo… 
When you're so blinded by your systematic plagiarism that you forget what day it is. 0/10 

do you run my account: pls no
Little dogs can be lap dogs, but big dogs can be lap dogs too. My point here is that your dog can do what it wants
This is Tucker. He decided it was time to part ways with his favorite ball. We captured the emotional farewell on c… 
This is Tobi. She is properly fetching her shot. H*ckin nifty af bandana. 13/10 would send fully armed battalion to… 
We've gotten hundreds of requests to rate 
HOW DID I NOT SEE HIS MUSTACHE OMFG
Here's a doggo fully pupared for a shower. H*ckin exquisite balance. Sneaky tongue slip too. 13/10 
Meet Chester (bottom) &amp; Harold (top). They are different dogs not only in appearance, but in personality as well. B… 
I've been told by sources that he's simply saving the milk for later
This is Wilson. He's aware that he has something on his face. Waiting for you to get it for him. 12/10 
This is Sunshine. She doesn't believe in personal space. Eyes pretty far apart for a dog. Has horns (whoa). 11/10 w… 
Dog*

I wonder what he's late for...
We haven't seen breaking moos like this in so long I apologize for my excitement
Clearly some sort of racing hound. H*ckin magnificent stride
DOGGO ON THE LOOSE I REPEAT DOGGO ON THE LOOSE 10/10 
This is Lipton. He's a West Romanian Snuggle Pup. Only a few left of his kind. 12/10 would boop 
Good news guys 

This is Bentley. Hairbrushes are his favorite thing in the h*ckin world. 12/10 impawsible to say no to 
We added some huge new rewards to our Patreon if you'd like to help support the page 😘🐶 #LoveYourPetDay 

Meet Charlie. She asked u to change the channel to Animal Planet at least 6 times. Now taking matters into her own… 
Every day is #LoveYourPetDay if you have a pet
No, I did not expect 
This is Bronte. She's fairly h*ckin aerodynamic. Also patiently waiting for mom to make her a main character. 13/10… 
This is Poppy. She just arrived. 13/10 would snug passionately 
It's safe to say our snapchat was h*ckin puptacular today! I don't think you want to miss it 🐶
Username: weratedogs 

This is Gidget. She's a spy pupper. Stealthy as h*ck. Must've slipped pup and got caught. 12/10 would forgive then… 
Happening now on snapchat: WeRateDogs 
For the full story that you're 100% going to cry over: 
This is Rhino. He arrived at a shelter with an elaborate doggo manual for his new family, written by someone who wi… 
This is Willow. She's the official strawberry taste tester. Palate delicate af. Currently noting the subtle piquanc… 
Prosperous good boy 13/10 socioeconomic af 
There's going to be a dog terminal at JFK Airport. This is not a drill. 10/10  

This is Orion. He just got back from the dentist. Cavity free af. 12/10 would give extra pats 
This is Eevee. She wants to see how you're doing. Just checkin pup on you. She hopes you're doing okay. 12/10 extre… 
This is Charlie. He fell asleep on a heating vent. Would puppreciate your assistance. 11/10 someone help Charlie 
For more Smiley you can follow 
Say hello to Smiley. He's a blind therapy doggo having a h*ckin blast high steppin around in the snow. 14/10 would… 
This is Miguel. He was the only remaining doggo at the adoption center after the weekend. Let's change that. 12/10… 
This is Emanuel. He's a h*ckin rare doggo. Dwells in a semi-urban environment. Round features make him extra collec… 
Kuyu, who's name means "well," was adopted by the fire department that rescued him almost immediately 
Meet Kuyu. He was trapped in a well for 10 days. Rescued yesterday using a device designed by a local robotics team… 
They were all good dogs tho

This is Daisy. She has a heart on her butt. 13/10 topical af 
I usually only share these on Friday's, but this is Blue. He's a very smoochable pooch who needs your help. 13/10… 
Roses are red
Violets are blue
No valentine?
A pupper will do
PUPDATE: Chelsea still hasn't gotten it together 
This is Dutch. He dressed up as his favorite emoji for Valentine's Day. I've got heart eyes for his heart eyes. 13/… 
If all else fails... I'll be your valentine
If you don't have a dog, but you're sneaky, then someone else's dog can be your valentine
Your dog is allowed to be your valentine I checked
Again, and I can't emphasize this enough, they're all good dogs #WKCDogShow
This is Pete. He has no eyes. Needs a guide doggo. Also appears to be considerably fluffy af. 12/10 would hug softly 
I couldn't make it to the #WKCDogShow BUT I have people there on the ground relaying me the finest pupper pics poss… 
To answer your questions: no, I don't know which one is the father either
This is Scooter and his son Montoya.  Scooter is a wonderful father. He takes very good care of Montoya. Both 12/10… 
This is Tucker. He's feeling h*ckin festive and his owners don't have the heart to tell him Christmas is over. 12/10 
Say hello to Reggie. He hates puns. 12/10 lighten pup Reggie 
This is Lilly. She just parallel barked. Kindly requests a reward now. 13/10 would pet so well 
Look at what you all did today 
Meet Samson. He's absolute fluffy perfection. Easily 13/10, but he needs your help. Click the link to find out more… 
This is Mia. She already knows she's a good dog. You don't have to tell her. 12/10 would probably tell her anyway 
PUPDATE: wagging has been proven effective
For any news regarding our shop:
Follow 

For any news regarding our app:
Follow 

Thank you for the support 🐶
PUPDATE: Cupid has skis now 
This is Leo. He was a skater pup. She said see ya later pup. He wasn't good enough for her. 12/10 you're good enoug… 
RT 
Looks heckin sweet 
Here's a stressed doggo. Had a long day. Many things on her mind. The hat communicates these feelings exquisitely.… 
This is Astrid. She's a guide doggo in training. 13/10 would follow anywhere 
This is Malcolm. He goes from sneaky tongue slip to flirt wink city in a matter of seconds. 12/10 would hug softly 
This is Dexter. He was reunited with his mom yesterday after she was stuck in Iran during the travel Bannon. 13/10… 
This is Alfie. He's your Lyft for tonight. Kindly requests you buckle pup and remain reasonably calm during the rid… 
This is Fiona. She's an exotic dog. Seems rather impatient. Jaw extension on another level tho. Looks slippery. 10/… 
Last day to get anything from our Valentine's Collection by Valentine's Day! 🐶💝🐾🌹🐕

Shop: 
Occasionally, we're sent fantastic stories. This is one of them. 14/10 for Grace 
Whoops look what I did 

This is Mutt Ryan. He's quite confident at the moment. 12/10 rise pup! 
This is Bear. He went outside to play in the snow. Needed a break from the game. Feeling a tad better now. 12/10  d… 
Next year we're raising money so I can pay for a 3 second #SuperBowl ad spot that just says "They're good dogs, Brent"
Meet Doobert. He's a deaf doggo. Didn't stop him on the field tho. Absolute legend today. 14/10 would pat head appr… 
This is Beebop. Her name means "Good Dog" in robot. She also was a star on the field today. 13/10 would pet well 
This is Alexander Hamilpup. He was one of the many stars in this year's Puppy Bowl. He just hopes both teams had fu… 
Reminder that every dog who participated was a winner and also very good
Beebop and Doobert should start a band 12/10 would listen
DOOOOBERTTTTT
They're actually all the most valuable player in my opinion
That exotic feathery dog actually writes the tweets for this account
Tucker is my hero
I'm sensing a comeback
I'm live on Instagram if you guys want to come watch the Puppy Bowl with me! 

Username is WeRateDogs
My favorite dogs in this are the ones that could not care less about what's happening around them
I understand the need for flags but honestly these dogs are doing nothing wrong
Maggie just stole my heart
This is absolutely riveting so far. Team Fluff is considerably overpowered
Already rated that dog

That's just a rare dog actually
Here we h*ckin go
Before the Puppy Bowl starts I want to reassure everyone that all participants are, indeed, good dogs
We will try to be descriptive so those of you who are unable to watch the game can imagine the competitive floof fest
30 minutes until we start live tweeting this year's Puppy Bowl!
RT 


This is Sailer. He waits on the roof for his owners to come home. Nobody knows how he gets up there. H*ckin loyal a… 
Say hello to Brutus and Jersey. They think they're the same size. Best furiends furever. Both 11/10 would pet simul… 
Yes, I will be doing some sort of live commentary of the Puppy Bowl tomorrow. Here's what makes this year's better:


This is Kona. Yesterday she stopped by the department to see what it takes to be a police pupper. 12/10 vest was on… 
Dogs are so good guys like wow
This is Boots. She doesn't know what to do with treats so she just holds them. Very good girl. 12/10 would give mor… 
Fixed Android link!!! 🐶


Meet Tucker. It's his birthday. He's pupset with you because you're too busy playing 
GOOD DOGS

OUT NOW ON IOS AND ANDROID
(it's a good game, Brent)

DOWNLOAD HERE

Get. H*ckin. Hype.

Tomorrow is a big day. I hope you're all pupared
This is Ralphie. He's being treated for an overactive funny bone, which is no joke. 12/10 would try to pet with a s… 
This is Charlie. He wins every game of chess he plays. Won't let opponent pet him until they forfeit. 13/10 you win… 
If you'd like to help out the wonderful people giving Cupid that long happy doggo life, click the link below:


These also came out today. They're meant for humans but you can get one for your dog if you want 🐶

Shop:… 
This is Loki. He smiles like Elvis. Ain't nothin but a hound doggo. 12/10 
This is Cupid. He was found in the trash. Now he's well on his way to prosthetic front legs and a long happy doggo… 
Our Valentine's Collection is here!
Show your dog that they are your main priority this February 14th ❤🐶

Shop Now:… 
I was going to do 007/10, but the joke wasn't worth the &lt;10 rating
This is Pawnd... James Pawnd. He's suave af. 13/10 would trust with my life 
For some reason a lot of people have asked me today if I can be their valentine. H*ck... of course I'll be your valentine ❤
We've come so far 
This is Pilot. He has mastered the synchronized head tilt and sneaky tongue slip. Usually not unlocked until later… 
I'm getting conflicting repawts. This could actually be an Icelandic Wild Street Moose
We only rate dogs. Please don't send in any more non-dogs like this Wild Albanian Street Moose. Thank you... 11/10 
Here's a little more info on Dew, your favorite roaming doggo that went h*ckin viral. 13/10 

This is Ike. He's demonstrating the pupmost restraint. 13/10 super good boy 
Day 412 in the bubble: ok maybe the bubble isn't that bad
This is Mo. No one will push him around in the grocery cart. He's quite pupset about it. 11/10 I volunteer 
This is Toby. He just found out you only pretend to throw the ball sometimes. H*ckin puppalled. 12/10 would console 
oh h*ck

Thank you to 
Here's a very loving and accepting puppo. Appears to have read her Constitution well. 14/10 would pat head approvin… 
If you'd like a small reason to smile... 
RT 

sn…
Not just dogs... other human beings are pretty cool to care about as well
Please keep loving
This is Sweet Pea. She hides in shoe boxes and waits for someone to pick her. Then she surpuprises them. 13/10 
RT 


Say hello to Pablo. He's one gorgeous puppo. A true 12/10. Click the link to see why Pablo requests your assistance… 
I think we all learned as children that 101 is the perfect amount
I know we all love dogs, but having 123 might be too h*ckin many

The typo in the first version of this tweet  was on puppose. We want to give the impression of imperfection to be more relatable
This is Scooter. His lack of opposable thumbs is rendering his resistance to tickling embarrassingly moot. 12/10 wo… 
This is Wilson. Named after the volleyball. He tongue wrestled a bee and lost. 13/10 valiant effort tho 
Retweet the h*ck out of this 13/10 pupper #BellLetsTalk 
This is Nala. She got in trouble. One h*ck of a pupnishment. Still 11/10 would pet 
PERIOD 
I'm not sure if you guys knew this, but this account is 100% factual and backed by all the science ever
"I wish we were dogs" 14/10 for 
Her name was Bella. She always visited the school where her mom worked. She really loved hats. The last pic is her… 
This is Cash. He's officially given pup on today. 12/10 frighteningly relatable 
PUPDATE: I'd still do terrible things for Milo 
This is Winston. The goggles make him a superhero. Protects the entire city from criminals unless they rub his bell… 
This is Crawford. He's quite h*ckin good at the selfies. Nose is incredibly boopable. 11/10 would snapchat 
This is Wyatt. He's got the fastest paws in the West. H*ckin deadly. 11/10 would ride into the sunset with 
If you'd like to help support this account and what we try to do here, here's how you can


This is Albus. He's soaked as h*ck. Seems to have misplaced an ear as well. Still in good spirits tho. 12/10 would… 
This dog's Instagram is 
Here's a super supportive puppo participating in the Toronto  #WomensMarch today. 13/10 
This is Hobbes. He was told he was going to the park. Ended up at the vet. H*ckin bamboozled. Quite pupset with you… 
Please stop sending in non-canines like this Very Pettable Dozing Bath Tortoise. We only rate dogs. Only send dogs.… 
1. inhale through your nose
2. hold for a few seconds 
3. exhale slowly through your mouth
4. pet a dog
5. repeat for the next 4 years
This is Paisley. She really wanted to be president this time. Dreams officially crushed. 13/10 
This is Gabe. He was the unequivocal embodiment of a dream meme, but also one h*ck of a pupper. You will be missed… 
We only rate dogs. Please don't send pics of men capturing low level clouds. Thank you... 11/10 
For anyone wondering, Jimison uses Crest 3D White Luxe Diamond Strong Toothpaste
This is Jimison. He was just called a good boy. 13/10 
This is Duchess. She uses dark doggo forces to levitate her toys. 13/10 magical af 
PUPDATE: Oshie finally sobered up and was sent a signed helmet for his unwavering loyalty to his team 
This is Harlso. He has a really good idea but isn't sure you're going to like it. 13/10 he'll just keep it to himse… 
Look out 
This is Sundance. He's a doggo drummer. Even sings a bit on the side. 14/10 entertained af (vid by 
PUPDATE: took down 3 more today. Turning into more of a threat than climate change
This is Luca. He got caught howling. H*ckin embarrassed. 12/10 
Here's a doggo who looks like he's about to give you a list of mythical ingredients to go collect for his potion. 1… 
This is Flash. He went way too hard celebrating Martin Luther King Day last night. 12/10 now he's having a dream in… 
Meet Sunny. He can take down a polar bear in one fell swoop. Fr*cken deadly af. 13/10 would pet with caution 

*doge is no longer there*
makes one question, is doge ever truly there? I think- yes. Always. Window doge is true
I'll host 

The floofs have been released I repeat the floofs have been released. 84/70 
RT 


We are proud to support 
Was this organized by a dog? Is a dog driving the bus? I have so many questions
But how do they determine which K9s are adventurous? Is there a test? Oh god. I hope I pass
I've never wanted to go to a camp more in my entire life. 12/10 for all on board 
RT 

make it happen:

This is Oliver. He has dreams of being a service puppo so he can help his owner. 13/10 selfless af

make it happen:… 
Here we have a doggo who has messed up. He was hoping you wouldn't notice. 11/10 someone help him 
This is Howie. He just bloomed. 11/10 revolutionary af 
I've been trying to track down this pupdate for a year now. Carlie is now a beautiful puppo 
This is Jazzy. She just found out that sandwich wasn't for her. Shocked and puppalled. 13/10 deep breaths Jazzy 
Say hello to Anna and Elsa. They fall asleep in similar positions. It's pretty wild. Both 12/10 would snug simultan… 
Some happy pupper news to share. 10/10 for everyone involved 

This is Finn. He's wondering if you come here often. Fr*ckin flirtatious af. 12/10 would give number to 
This is Sunny. She was also a very good First Doggo. 14/10 would also be an absolute honor to pet 
This is Bo. He was a very good First Doggo. 14/10 would be an absolute honor to pet 
I know most of you are asleep, but thank you. 1 million followers is something that I never thought I'd achieve. This means so so much to me
Meet Wafer. He represents every fiber of my being. 13/10 very good dog 
This is Bear. He's a passionate believer of the outdoors. Leaves excite him. 12/10 would hug softly 
How could Tom disrespect Tom like that? 
This is Tom. He's a silly dog. Known for his unconventional swing style. One h*ck of a sneaky tongue slip too. 11/1… 
PUPDATE: Bo and Carly were finally reunited 
This is Florence. He saw the same snap you sent him on your story. Pretty pupset with you. 12/10 
This is Autumn. Her favorite toy is a cheeseburger. She takes it everywhere. 11/10 
Looks like he went cross-eyed trying way too hard to use the force. 12/10 

This is Buddy. He ran into a glass door once. Now he's h*ckin skeptical. 13/10 empowering af (vid by Brittany Gaunt) 
This is Dido. She's playing the lead role in "Pupper Stops to Catch Snow Before Resuming Shadow Box with Dried Appl… 
Seriously stop changing the Hollywood sign. It's fine how it is 
Strudel is doing well and has a doggo friend to comfort him. Help is still welcomed and appreciated. 
Say hello to Eugene &amp; Patti Melt. No matter how dysfunctional they get, they will never top their owners. Both 12/1… 
I support this

This is Ken. His cheeks are magic. 13/10 (IG: ken_shiba) 
Meet Strudel. He's rather h*ckin pupset that your clothes clash. 11/10 click the link to see how u can help Strudel… 
Here's how we're choosing to give  back to our canine companions 🐶

RT 

cc: 

#OlsenWPMOYChallenge
#OlsenWPMOYChallenge
#OlsenWPMOYChallenge
#OlsenWPM…
This is Tebow. He kindly requests that you put down the coffee and play with him. 13/10 such a good boy 
The two on our left are actually the stars of Like Doggo Like Pupper 

Name a more iconic quartet... I'll wait. 13/10 for all 
PUPDATE: Nollie has made the transition from pupper to puppo. Still fairly portable 
This is Chloe. She fell asleep at the wheel. Absolute menace on the roadways. Sneaky tongue slip tho. 11/10 
This is Timber. He misses Christmas. Specifically the presents part. 12/10 cheer pup Timber 
This is Binky. She appears to be rather h*ckin cozy. Nifty leg cross as well. 12/10 would snug well 
Reminder that these came out today!
(pink to be restocked shortly)

Shop now: 
The way I see it John has two options:

1. Online classes
2. Take the dog with you
Meet Moose. He doesn't want his friend to go back to college. 13/10 looks like you're staying home John 
This is Dudley. He found a flower and now he's a queen. 11/10 would be an honor to pet 
NEW 2017 DESIGNS ARE HERE 🐶


Atlas liked our video and tbh all I've ever wanted was his approval 
Day 385 in the bubble: maybe 2017 will be my break out year
This is Comet. He's a Wild Estonian Poofer. Surprised they caught him. 12/10 would pet well 
RT 


Meet Jack. He's one of the rare doggos that doesn't mind baths. 11/10 click the link to see how you can help Jack!… 
I'm receiving word from numerous sources that this is actually a baby bird and not a pupper. Terribly sorry for the mixpup
Here's a pupper with squeaky hiccups. Please enjoy. 13/10 
This is Akumi. It's his birthday. He received many lickable gifts. 11/10 happy h*ckin birthday 
This is Titan. His nose is quite chilly. Requests to return to the indoors. 12/10 would boop to warm 
How to Get Your Dog Rated


One of my resolutions was to not poke my dog's forehead anymore because it probably annoys her and I already failed so much for 2017
No matter how challenging 2017 gets... please remember... the dogs will always be good
I hope your 2017 is filled with happiness and dogs... primarily dogs, which will lead to happiness
Happy New Year from the squad! 13/10 for all 
New Year's Resolutions

1. Boop more shnoops
2. See more floofs 
3. Increase pettings by 15%
4. Pet a dog in a different car while driving
What a year it has been. Let me know when you've found your favorite! 
This is Cooper. Someone attacked him with a sharpie. Poor pupper. 11/10 nifty tongue slip tho 
I apologize in advance for bumping this a lot over the next few days. We're really h*ckin proud of it
RT 
me: 
The Dogs of 2016


I hope you're pupared 

This is Olivia. She's a passionate advocate of candid selfies. 12/10 would boop shnoop 
h*ckin soon 
This is Alf. Someone just rubbed a balloon on his head. He's only a little pupset about it. 12/10 would pet well 
Oshie insists that he turned 3 last week so he's fine to have a brewski or two
This is Oshie. He's ready to party. Bought that case himself. 12/10 someone tell Oshie it's Wednesday morning 
I'm getting reports that this is an ostrich. My bad guys
This is Chubbs. He dug a hole and now he's stuck in it. Dang h*ckin doggo. 11/10 would assist 
Gary must be a very strong doggo to have been a service dog to one of the strongest women of all time
Meet Gary, Carrie Fisher's dog. Idk what I can say about Gary that reflects the inspirational awesomeness that was… 
We put the 12 dogs of Christmas all in one place for your convenience just in case you're still feeling festive!

This is Sky. She's learning how to roll her R's. 12/10 cultured af 
RT 
Good thang
Cute as hell
Soft as fuck
Oh my god
That's my doggo
Here is Atlas. He went all out this year. 13/10 downright magical af 
Here's a doggo who has concluded that Christmas is entirely too bright. Requests you tone it down a notch. 11/10 
We only rate dogs. Please don't send in other things like this very good Christmas tree. Thank you... 13/10 
This is Eleanor. She winks like she knows many things that you don't. 12/10 
This is Layla. It is her first Christmas. She got to be one of the presents. 12/10 I wish my presents would bark 
Everybody stop what you're doing and look at this dog with her tiny Santa hat. 13/10 
I've been informed by multiple sources that this is actually a dog elf who's tired from helping Santa all night. Pupgraded to 12/10
Here's an anonymous doggo that appears to be very done with Christmas. 11/10 cheer up pup 
Meet Toby. He's pupset because his hat isn't big enough. Christmas is ruined. 12/10 it'll be ok Toby 
This is Rocky. He got triple-doggo-dared. Stuck af. 11/10 someone help him 
This is Baron. He's officially festive as h*ck. Thinks it's just a fancy scarf. 11/10 would pat head approvingly 
This is Tyr. He is disgusted by holiday traffic. Just trying to get to Christmas brunch on time. 12/10 hurry up pup 
This is Bauer. He had nothing to do with the cookies that disappeared. 13/10 very good boy 
PUPDATE: Phil found a onesie 
This is Swagger. He's the Cleveland Browns ambassador. Hype as h*ck after that first win today. 10/10 
This is Brandi and Harley. They are practicing their caroling for later. Both 12/10 festive af 
This is the most direct link I could find to help these wonderful people continue to do wonderful things. 🐶🐾🐕

I'm happy to inform you all that Jake is in excellent hands. 13/10 for him and his new family… 
This is Mary. She's desperately trying to recreate her Coachella experience.   12/10 downright h*ckin adorable 
This is Moe. He's a fetty woof. Got a cardboard cutout of himself for Christmas. 13/10 inspirational af 
PUPDATE: here's the cover of their debut album entitled "Mister &amp; The Chix" 
Say hello to Ted. He accidentally opened the front facing camera. 11/10 h*ckin unpupared 
This is Halo. She likes watermelon. 13/10 
PUPDATE: I've been informed that Augie was actually bringing his family these flowers when he tripped. Very good boy. Pupgraded to 11/10
This is Augie. He's a savage. Doesn't give a h*ck about your garden. Still 10/10 would forgive then pet 
This is Craig. That's actually a normal sized fence he's stuck on. H*ckin massive pupper. 11/10 someone help him 
Meet Sam. She smiles 24/7 &amp; secretly aspires to be a reindeer. 
Keep Sam smiling by clicking and sharing this link:… 
This is Hunter. He just found out he needs braces. Requesting an orthodogtist stat. 11/10 you're fine Hunter, every… 
This is Pavlov. His floatation device has failed him. He's quite pupset about it. 11/10 would rescue 
This is Phil. He's a father. A very good father too. 13/10 everybody loves Phil 
This is Gus. He likes to be close to you, which is good because you want to be close to Gus. 12/10 would boop then… 
RT 

There's a dog.

In a tree.

In my garden. 
Please only send in dogs. We only rate dogs, not seemingly heartbroken ewoks. Thank you... still 10/10 would console 
Help him 
Thank you to the 400 of you that immediately pointed out the other puns I could've made. Don't worry, I'm very disappointed in myself too
PUPDATE: well over a year after Terrance's error, he's made incredible pawgress with the company. Anxiously anticipating his Holiday bonus
I call this one "A Blep by the Sea" 12/10 
This is Kyro. He's a Stratocumulus Flop. Tongue ejects at random. Serious h*ckin condition. Still 12/10 would pet p… 
This is Wallace. You said you brushed your teeth but he checked your toothbrush and it was bone dry. 11/10 not pups… 
Here's a link to help out Twister the tri-pawed puppo. Sharing is just as valuable as donating 😘🐶

Day 365 in the bubble: It's been one year since the bubble took me. Reality seems like a distant memory. I no longer feel. Don't forget me
This is Ito. He'll be your uber driver tonight. Currently adjusting the mirrors. 13/10 incredibly h*ckin responsible 
Here's a pupper in a onesie. Quite pupset about it. Currently plotting revenge. 12/10 would rescue 
PUPDATE: it's been a year since Bernie touched the boob
This is Koda. He dug a hole and then sat in it because why not. Unamused by the bath that followed. 12/10 
This is Seamus. He's very bad at entering pools. Still a very good boy tho 11/10 
Atlas is taking over our snap story for the rest of the evening! 🐶
Add us: weratedogs 
Here we have Burke (pupper) and Dexter (doggo). Pupper wants to be exactly like doggo. Both 12/10 would pet at same… 
Friendly reminder that your dog will love you no matter what your GPA is
This is Cooper. He likes to stick his tongue out at you and then laugh about it. 12/10 quite the jokester 
Rest easy Ollie ❤️ 
This is Ollie Vue. He was a 3 legged pupper on a mission to overcome everything. This is very hard to write. 14/10… 
This is Stephan. He just wants to help. 13/10 such a good boy 
RT 

Shop: 

boop (v.) - to touch lightly but enthusiastically with forefinger. 
schnoop (n.) - exquisite pupper nose
This is Lennon. He's a Boopershnoop Pupperdoop. Quite rare. Exceptionally pettable. 12/10 would definitely boop tha… 
"Good afternoon class today we're going to learn what makes a good boy so good" 13/10 
Hooman catch successful. Massive hit by dog. Fumble ensued. Possession to dog. 13/10 
This is Waffles. He's concerned that the dandruff shampoo he just bought is faulty. 11/10 tragic af 
Nick is my hero 
HOW TO GET THROUGH FINALS:

1. Find dog
2. Pet dog
3. Repeat
I know it's early, but we're already getting holiday pics. Send all festive photos to 12holidaypups
We only rate dogs. Please stop sending in non-canines like this Freudian Poof Lion. This is incredibly frustrating.… 
This is Major. He put on a tie for his first real walk. Only a little crooked. Can also drool upwards. H*ckin talen… 
This is Duke. He is not a fan of the pupporazzi. 12/10 
What about pupper?

Jack turned 1 today. He still sleeps like an airplane. Also can't figure out why you're staring at his chin. Happy… 
I'd punch two kangaroos tbh

This is Zeke the Wonder Dog. He never let that poor man keep his frisbees. One of the Spartans all time greatest re… 
Meet Sansa and Gary. They run along the fence together everyday, so the owners installed a window for them. Both 12… 
This is Shooter. He's doing quite the snowy zoom. 12/10 
Retweet if you're ready 
This is Django. He accidentally opened the front facing camera. Did him quite the frighten. 12/10 
HE'S TRYING TO BE HIS OWN PERSON LET HIM GO 13/10

This is Bo. He's going to make me cry. 13/10 please get off the bus for him Carly 
This is Diogi. He fell in the pool as soon as he was brought home. Clumsy puppo. 12/10 would pet until dry 
Where's the family I just wanna talk

Pupper hath acquire enemy. 13/10 
Meet Sonny. He's an in-home movie critic. That is his collection. He's very proud of it. 12/10 
This is Winston. His selfie game is legendary. Will steal your girl with a single snap. 11/10 handsome as h*ck 
PUPDATE: should've requested backpup
This is Marley. She's having a ruff day. Pretty pupset. 12/10 would assist 
This is Bailey. She has mastered the head tilt. 11/10 rather h*ckin adorable 
This is Winnie. She's h*ckin ferocious. Dandelion doesn't even see her coming. 12/10 would pet with caution 
This is Severus. He's here to fix your cable. Looks like he succeeded. Even offered to pupgrade your plan. 13/10 h*… 
Day 347 in the bubble: now I'm being mocked...

Like doggo, like pupper version 2. Both 11/10 
Just in case you want your own Brent shirt:

Guys... 
This is Loki. He'll do your taxes for you. Can also make room in your budget for all the things you bought today. 1… 
In other news, Brent finally came around 

RT 

Mug holds drinks; hoodie is comfy af. 13/10 

Puppy Aika h*cking agrees. 
This is Ronnie. He hopes you're having a great day. Nifty tongue slip. 12/10 would pat head approvingly 
I'm thankful for dogs
They were all good dogs, NBC 

Watch the dog show with us! WeRateDogs on Instagram 
Am I wrong to think I could put together one h*ck of a dog show?
We're watching the dog show on our Instagram story! Follow us: WeRateDogs
This is Wallace. He'll be your chau-fur this evening. 12/10 eyes on the road Wallace 
Some of you aren't noticing the doggo
oh h*ck 10/10 
This is Milo. I would do terrible things for Milo. 13/10 
This is Bones. He's being haunted by another doggo of roughly the same size. 12/10 deep breaths pupper everything's… 
Can confirm 
Say hello to Mauve and Murphy. They're rather h*ckin filthy. Preferred nap over bath. Both 12/10 
This is Chef. Chef loves everyone and wants everyone to love each other. 11/10 
Here's a very sleepy pupper. Appears to be portable as h*ck. 12/10 would snug intensely 
This is Doc. He takes time out of every day to worship our plant overlords. 12/10 quite the floofer 
Fav for dogs
RT for dogs
Reply for dogs 
Ignore for dogs
This is Peaches. She's the ultimate selfie sidekick. Super sneaky tongue slip appreciated. 13/10 
Here's a doggo doin a struggle. 11/10 much determined 
This is Sobe. She's a h*ckin happy doggo. Only one leg tho. Must have good balance. 13/10 would smile back 
CHRISTMAS SWEATERS ARE HERE
⛄️🎄❄️🐶🎁🐾⛄️❄️🎄🐶🎁🐾⛄️

Shop -&gt; 
This is Longfellow (prolly sophisticated). He's a North Appalachian Oatzenjammer. Concerned about wrinkled feets. 1… 
This is Jeffrey. He's quite the jokester. Takes it too far sometimes. Still 11/10 would pet 
This is Mister. He only wears the most fashionable af headwear. 11/10 h*ckin stylish 
This is Iroh. He's in a predicament. 12/10 someone help him 
This is Shadow. He's a firm believer that they're all good dogs. H*ckin passionate about it too. 11/10 I stand with… 
No way I could get through all my favs. We've featured 2,500+ dogs. All of which were my favs. Here's to another h*ckin puptastic year 🐶🐾😘
Pipsy was the first pup that everyone fell in love with 

I'm aware of the rating inflation that has occurred over the last year. Standards were raised. They're such good dogs nowadays
Here's the first ever dog rate 😊

Today is the anniversary of this account's creation. I'll be bringing back my all time personal favs throughout the day. Thank you all 🐶
RT 

 
This is Cooper. His bow tie was too heavy for the front so he moved it to the side. Balanced af now. 13/10 
Here's a helicopter pupper. He takes off at random. H*ckin hard to control. 12/10 rare af 
This is Cassie. She steals things. Guilt increases slightly each time. 12/10 would forgive almost immediately 
This is Pancake. She loves Batman and winks like a h*ckin champ. 12/10 real crowd pleaser 
This is Tyr. He's just checking on you. Nifty af tongue slip. 12/10 would absolutely pet 
RT 

Shop here -&gt; 
Say hello to Romeo. He was just told that it's too cold for the pool. H*ckin nonsense. 11/10 would help fill up 
Here's a sleepy doggo that requested some assistance. 12/10 would carry everywhere 
I know I share this a lot but it truly is one of the purest forms of soothing entertainment I've ever come across 

This is Snicku. He's having trouble reading because he's a dog. Glasses only helped a little. Nap preferred. 12/10… 
Just checked... we're good
Just keep loving
PSA: DOGS WILL STILL EXIST IN THE MORNING
This is Ruby. She just turned on the news. Officially terrified. 11/10 deep breaths Ruby 
#ImWithThor 13/10

I didn't believe it at first but now I can see that voter fraud is a serious h*ckin issue. 11/10 
This is Yogi. He's 98% floof. Snuggable af. 12/10 
Day 330 in the bubble: vote yes on issue Free Kenneth
This is Daisy. She's here to make your day better. 13/10 mission h*ckin successful 
Tomorrow is going to be a long day. Remember to pet a dog or two or twenty
PUPDATE: same thing happened today. H*ckin conflicted
Elder doggo does a splash. Both 13/10 incredible stuff 
This is Brody. He's trying to make the same face as the football. 12/10 
This is Bailey. She loves going down slides but is very bad at it. Still 11/10 
This is Mack. He's rather h*ckin sleepy. Exceptional ears. 12/10 would boop 
This is Nimbus (like the cloud). He just bought this fancy af duck raincoat. Only protects one ear tho. 12/10 so h*… 
This is Laika. She was a space pupper. The first space pupper actually. Orbited earth like a h*ckin boss. 14/10 her… 
Either team could really use Air Bud right now
This is Maximus. His face is stuck like that. Tragic really. Great tongue tho. 12/10 would pet firmly 
RT 

-&gt; 
Mystery solved

This is Clark. He was just caught wearing pants. 13/10 game-changing af 
This is Dobby. I can't stop looking at her feet. 12/10 would absolutely snug 
This is Fiona. She's an extremely mediocre copilot. Very distracting. Wink makes up for all the missed turns. 12/10 
RT 

Tag a coffee loving dog petting human of your choice! 🐶

Shop here -&gt; 
This is Moreton. He's the Good Boy Who Lived. 13/10 magical as h*ck 
Meet Dave. It's his favorite day of the year. He gets to fulfill his dream of being a dinosaur. 12/10 inspirational… 
Oh h*ck look at this spookling right here. Fright level off the charts. 12/10 sufficiently spooked 
This is Tucker. He's out here bustin h*ckin ghosts. 13/10 dedicated af 
This is Juno. She spooked me up real good, but only to get my attention. Above average handwriting for a dog I thin… 
This is Maude. She's the h*ckin happiest wasp you've ever seen. 10/10 would pet with caution 
Say hello to Lily. She's pupset that her costume doesn't fit as well as last year. 12/10 poor puppo 
This is Newt. He's a strawberry. 11/10 
Benji would like to formally state that he was in no way responsible for blowing the 3-1 lead
This is Benji. He's Air Bud. It's a low effort costume but he pulls it off rather h*ckin well. 12/10 would happily… 
This is Nida. She's a free elf. Waited so long for this day. 11/10 
Your favorite squad is looking extra h*ckin spooky today. 13/10 for all 
This is Robin. She's desperately trying to do me a frighten, but her tongue drastically decreases her spook value.… 
Here is a perfect example of someone who has their priorities in order. 13/10 for both owner and Forrest 
This is Bailey. She's rather h*ckin hype for Halloween tomorrow. Carved those pupkins herself. 12/10 
This is Monster. Not an actual monster tho. He's showing you his tongue. Very impressive Monster. 12/10 would snug 
Meet BeBe. She rocks the messy bun of your dreams. H*ckin flawless. 12/10 would watch her tutorial 
This is Remus. He's a mop that came to life. Can't see anything. Constantly trips over himself. Still a very good d… 
This was an unbelievable journey to follow. Thank you for sharing it with us. #TeamBellaAlways 
To honor the six second gifts that vine has given us over the years, I'll be retweeting my favs for the rest of the night 🐶
Vine will be deeply missed. This was by far my favorite one. 14/10 
PUPDATE: Godi discovered his tongue today 
When she says you're a good boy and you know you're a good boy because you're a good boy. 13/10 
PUPDATE: Gromit still just wants a pettin
Say hello to Levi. He's a Madagascan Butterbop. One of the more docile Butterbops I've seen. 12/10 would give all t… 
This is Mabel. She's super h*ckin smol. Portable af. Comes with the smol shoe. 12/10 would keep in frocket 
Misty also said she will fight anyone who tries to take her post down
This is Misty. She has a cowboy hat on her nose. 12/10 
This is Betty. She's assisting with the dishes. Such a good puppo. 12/10 h*ckin helpful af 
This is Mosby. He appears to be rather h*ckin snuggable af. 12/10 keep it up Mosby 
This is Duke. He sneaks into the fridge sometimes. It's his safe place. 11/10 would give little jacket if necessary 
Here are a few more of these two to help get you through the week 
Meet Maggie. She can hear your cells divide. 12/10 can also probably fly 
This is Bruce. He never backs down from a challenge. 11/10 you got this Bruce 
I don't remember covering this story 
This is Happy. He's a bathtub reviewer. Seems to be pleased with this one. 12/10 
This is Ralphy. His dreams were just shattered. Poor pupper. 13/10 it'll be ok Ralphy 
This is Eli. He can fly. 13/10 magical af 
Please watch your language 
This is Brownie. She's wearing a Halloween themed onesie. 12/10 festive af 
This is Rizzy. She smiles a lot. 12/10 contagious af 
WE'RE BACK 

All previous designs + Brent! 🐶

Shirts, Hoodies, Tanks, Women's

Shop Now -&gt; 
HE WAS JUST A LIL SLEEPY FROM BEING SUCH A GOOD DOGGI ALL THE TIME MISTAKES HAPPEN 13/10

This is Stella. She's happier than I will ever be. 10/10 would trade lives with 
This is Bo. He's a West Congolese Bugaboop Snuggle. Rather exotic. Master of the head tilt. 12/10 would pay to pet 
Day 310 in the bubble: maybe it's a good thing I'm up here
RT 

•find a dog
•pet the dog
This is Lucy. She destroyed not one, but two remotes trying to turn off the debate. 11/10 relatable af 
This is Butter. She can have whatever she wants forever. 12/10 would hug softly 
The highest rated doggos and puppers all in one place for your convenience. You might cry


This is Dexter. He breaks hearts for a living. 11/10 h*ckin handsome af 
PUPDATE: Harold still slippery af
Atlas is back and this time he's got doggles. Still 13/10 solarly conscious af 
This is Leo. He's a golden chow. Rather h*ckin rare. 13/10 would give extra pats 
Idk I thought the concept was simple 
Did... did they pick out that license plate? 12/10 for both 
This is Frank. He wears sunglasses and walks himself. 11/10 I'll never be this cool or independent 
If you haven't almost crashed your car looking at a dog in a different car then we can't be friends
This is Tonks. She is a service puppo. Can hear a caterpillar hiccup from 7 miles away. 13/10 would follow anywhere 
This is Moose. He's rather h*ckin dangerous (you can tell by the collar). 11/10 would still attempt to snug 
This is Lincoln. He forgot to use his blinker when he changed lanes just now. Guilty as h*ck. Still 10/10 
HOW COULD I FORGET PATRICK'S BIRTHDAY OMFG HAPPY BIRTHDAY PATRICK

Good news guys 
This is Rory. He's got an interview in a few minutes. Looking spiffy af. Nervous as h*ck tho. 12/10 would hire 
He's actually a 13 but you guys have to understand why I did what I did
This is Logan, the Chow who lived. He solemnly swears he's up to lots of good. H*ckin magical af 9.75/10 
"Honestly Kathleen I just want more Ken Bone" 12/10 
This is Dale. He's a real spookster. Did me quite the frighten. 11/10 not too spooky to pet tho 
PUPDATE: has someone hugged Tucker yet? Can someone get on this
Is my new avi spooky enough?
This is Rizzo. He has many talents. A true renaissance doggo. 13/10 entertaining af 
It's been one month since Brent shook the world 

This is Arnie. He's afraid of his own bark. 12/10 would comfort 
This is Mattie. She's extremely dangerous. Will bite your h*ckin finger right off. Still 11/10 would pet with cauti… 
13/10 for breakdancing puppo 
This is Lucy. She's strives to be the best potato she can be. 12/10 would boop 
PUPDATE: it's been 309 days since Earl was first reported lost. Please come home Earl
Meet Rusty. He appears to be rather h*ckin fluffy. Also downright adorable af. 12/10 would rub my face against his 
This is Pinot. He's a sophisticated doggo. You can tell by the hat. Also pointier than your average pupper. Still 1… 
This is Dallas. Her tongue is ridiculous. 11/10 h*ckin proud af 
Today, 10/10, should be National Dog Rates Day
I'll vote for whoever says "they're good dogs, Brent" as the answer to a question tonight
Things to do instead of watching the debate:

•find a dog
•pet the dog
This is Doc. He requested to be carried around like that. 12/10 anything for Doc 
This is Hero. He was enjoying the car ride until he remembered that bees are dying globally at an alarming rate. 11… 
This is Rusty. He's going D1 for sure. Insane vertical. 13/10 would draft 
TAKE THAT BRONT 
This is Frankie. He has yet to learn how to control his tongue. 11/10 maybe one day 
This is Bear. He can hear a butterfly burp from half a mile away. 12/10 would alternate boops and belly rubs 
This is Smiley. He dedicated his life to making others smile. Today, his battle with cancer ends. He is our first 1… 
This is Hamilton. He knows you said only 5 more minutes with his new toy, but he would greatly puppreciate an exten… 
This is Winston. He was invited to speak at a very exclusive black tie puptional anti-thunder event. 13/10 snazzy a… 
This is Pippa. She’s just happy to be here. Thankful to be included. Hopes your day is going very well. 13/10 thank… 
This is Maddie. She’s been puparing her costume all year. Has graciously given us a sneak preview. 13/10 the hero w… 
This is Piper. She just had her first bath. Wondering what the h*ck that was all about. 12/10 would hug to dry 
Say hello to Pippa. She had the perfect day at the park. Was told there was a rainbow. Nearly kissed a duck. 13/10… 
Here’s a doggo setting pup a hidden camera. Knows that spooky things happen this time of year. Not in this househol… 
This is Keno. He was rescued from hurricane harvey but not before injuring his back right zoomer. 12/10 help below:… 
This is Steve. His mlem game is off the charts. Sustained full nose coverage. Unheard of in the industry. 14/10 abs… 
I have a very important mission for you 
This is Blue. She thinks her favorite white ball got stuck in the sky. 13/10 (vid by Jessica Raspbury) 
Meet Sidney. It’s her first time wearing her new bow tie in puplic. Worried what you think of it. 13/10 it’s marvel… 
This is Lucy. She is a skater girl, she said see ya later boy. She was way too good for him. 13/10 would kickflip i… 
THAMK YOU JOMNY 
IT’S BOOK DAY! The WeRateDogs book is now available wherever books can be bought 📚🐕

Limited Signed Copies ↴… 
RT 




OMG GENEVIEVE YOUR SNOOT HAS ELONGATED 
tomorrow... 
This is Rupert. He went from smol shy boy to illustrious dependable boy. Now aware that he’s frighteningly good. 13… 
This is Dunston. He claims that if you connect the dots on his nose it spells out “best boy.” 13/10 wont argue with… 
Meet Maia. She’s incredibly deadly. Will rip your whole h*ckin arm off. Always feels guilty afterwards tho. 12/10 w… 
This is Neela. She’s very pupared for her thirteenth Halloween. Cannot h*ckin wait to decorate her mini pupkin. 13/… 
We’ll be in Austin, Texas on November 19th for the Dog Jog! You should be there too 🐕

All Info &amp; Registration:… 
This is Gulliver. He went from smol optimistic boy to “holy h*ck is that tongue even legal” boy. 13/10 quite the gl… 
This is Bodie. He has stumbled puppon a truly magical item. It’s given him power he’s never known. 13/10 (IG: charl… 
This is Nalu. I’m hearing repawts that he’s very nice and extremely susceptible to noggin pats. 13/10 would tell st… 
This is Chester. His right ear is haunted. Rather unfortunate. Should pawbably cleanse his aura. 12/10 would absolu… 
This is Frost. He tried to wish on a dandelion but sneezed instead. 13/10 happens to the best of us 
Dog rates will always be 140 or less. If I can’t convince you that the dog I’m featuring is amazing in that confine… 
This is Cooper. He hasn’t been pupperly assembled yet. Still very good. 13/10 
Along with my book, winners of the giveaway will also get an “oh h*ck” hat and an “any dog can be a guide dog...” m… 
This is Alika. She’s a Cumulus Floofalus. Very rare. Only a few remain in the wild. Seen here mid mlem. 13/10 would… 
This is Loki. He's having some good boy tests run today. Being very brave even tho he's a wee bit nervous. 12/10 wo… 
RT 

Good dogg. 420/10 
Meet Bubbles. She's never had a bath. Seems ok with that. Background pup is also a star. 13/10 would give the world… 
This is Boudreaux. He is an elder doggo. H*ckin wise for sure. Seen here pondering the nature of goodboyness. 13/10… 
This is Bella. She's not going to move for the entire season. Unless it's to help carve a pupkin. 12/10 officially… 
This is Rocky. His job at doggo daycare is to fill pup the water buckets for everyone. He does a really good job an… 
RT 

asking for a fren 
Shop Pupdate: all stickers are back AND we put the words "i miss my dog" on every product... you're welcome

🐶 --&gt;… 
This is Yogi. He took his time picking out his favorite dandelion. Knew it was a big decision. Now he wears it prou… 
If you'd like to help out the Dogs of Chernobyl so that one day we can safely give them noggin pats, click below! 🐕

We're here for a good time not a long time 
This is Athena. Today was a very special day for her. She finally met her birth mother. Heartwarming as h*ck. 13/10… 
Meet Frida. She's in the search &amp; rescue division of the Mexican Navy along with two German shepherds. Sadly, she's… 
Meet Dory. She would like u to replace her toys asap. Can't recall what happened to them. Probably came to life and… 
This is Max. He greatly puppreciates you covering him pup. Was getting quite chilly living a snoodless life. 12/10… 
RT 

It was his tail's job: to synchronize all nearby moods to the measure of his joy.

A metronome o…
Hello &amp; welcome to the first meeting of the good boy battalion. Today we'll be exploring inside out ear solutions.… 
This is Furzey. He heard you say "first one to come here is the goodest boy" 13/10 
This is Bandit. I only knew him for a few months, but he made me (and many of you) smile on our worst days. 14/10 r… 
Meet Charlie. He just finished his first puppointment with the vet. Quite pupset. Thought he was going to the park.… 
This...is a Nonconfrontational Portuguese River Bear. We only rate dogs. Please only send in dogs ...12/10 would be… 
This is Buster. He only knows how to take super suggestive selfies. Flirtatious af. 12/10 would never leave on open 
This is Stone. He likes to wear socks outside. It's a questionable lifestyle but I support it. 13/10 would pat head… 
ahem, I think you mean... puplished* 🐶

This is Pavlov. He just graduated. Has big dreams and will absolutely achieve them. 13/10 classically conditioned t… 
Zoey has officially pupproved the U.K. edition of the WeRateDogs book! It'll be in stores all across Great Britain… 
HE LOOKS FANTASTIC IT WAS A NECESSARY PURCHASE. 13/10 
they're good dogs, Blake 
This is Charlie. He's addicted to broccoli. It's tearing his family apart. Won't admit he has a problem. 11/10 we'r… 
Here's a doggo who's rather h*ckin startled by the moving stairs. Puppreciates the assistance good sir. 14/10 
This is Hugo. He is now the rightful owner of your shoe. No take backs. 13/10 would offer a spoonful of peanut butt… 
One year ago my life changed forever 
This is Bella. She's had enough for today. Has decided to float the h*ck away. Miscalculated how many balloons it w… 
Here is a puppo with a paw print on her nose. 13/10 would boop/high five 
The is Lilly, Izzy, and Nacho. They are embracing their frankfurter figures. 13/10 for all. Would boop consecutively 
A close friend just called me to explain the devastation St. John experienced during Irma. Please consider helping… 
I know it's confusing because her name is Panda, but I assure you this is a dog. We only rate dogs...
This is Panda. She really likes to swing. Helps her forget about her problems for a bit. Short snoot for a dog. Sti… 
This is Cooper. He built the picket fence himself. Needed a break from the rest of the world. 13/10 relatable af 
RT 

He keeps trying to share that bone with his reflection i…
A photographer took photos of their dog before and after calling them fabulous. The results are h*ckin shocking. 13… 
This is Apollo. He knows he's h*ckin handsome. Stud status achieved. 12/10 would wink back 
This is Willow. She's training to be the best service puppo she can be. 14/10 would untangle leash so she can get b… 
Meet Czar. He would've turned 30 this year. Here he is looking innocent as h*ck and overwhelmed by a giant tennis b… 
Here is a doggo before and after being presented with stick. 13/10 would throw but never take 
RUPERT OMG I LOVE YOU TOO DO NOT BE DISCOURAGED YOU ARE WONDERFUL 12/10 
AHHH OMG some preordered books are arriving as early as TODAY! In stores everywhere Oct 3rd 🐶❤️ 
Say hello to Rush. He discovered a secret snooze spot. Trusts you not to tell anyone about it. 12/10 sweet DREAMs p… 
THIS 👏 IS 👏 WHAT 👏 PROGRESS 👏 LOOKS 👏 LIKE 👏 13/10 
This is Gigi. She's taking a break from her h*ctic dog schedule to check pup on you. Wanted to make sure you're doi… 
RT 


This is Beaux. He pawmises he wasn't digging. Not even sure where the dirt came from. Clearly all a mispupperstandi… 
This is Lucy. She's trying to learn how to smile. Doing her absolute best. 12/10 that's all we can ask for 
This is Sawyer. He discovered a way to make sure he's first to welcome you home. 13/10 h*ckin thoughtful 
This is Piper. Her ears have deceived her. Would pupreciate some assistance in returning them to their original ori… 
This is Bubba. You could say his life is pretty...suite. Permanent sneaky tongue slip. Dot on forehead indicates op… 
This is Dakota. He accomplished a lot his first time outside. Found stick, nibbled stick, licked grass, AND contemp… 
This is Bentley. He's very puptective of his bear son. Doesn't let him out of sight. 13/10 fatherly af 
RT 
BRAIN: neat
BODY: let's sleep
BRAIN: nah
BODY: c'mon 
BRAIN: a dog named Ralph
BODY: 
BRAIN: can alm…
Meet Lily. This is where she goes when the smoke detector batteries die. Not dealing with that h*ckery. 13/10 would… 
This is Misha. She waves goodbye to her owner everyday before he leaves. 14/10 would hurry back (vid by Dimitri Had… 
Say hello to Chuck. His dream is to take a picture on every rock. Great start so far. 12/10 would support him always 
This is Charlie. He has many admirers. Does his best to stay humble. 14/10 would be an honor to pet 
This is Nyla. She won our #TPDogDay contest. Unfamiliar with the missing TP you’re referring to. 13/10 suggests you… 
This is Max. He tried his best to not let his tongue eject in excitement. Failed miserably. Mission aborted. Still… 
This is Roach. He has dreams of becoming a police puppo, but only if he's allowed to make the siren noises himself.… 
If you're looking to help four legged frens of any kind suffering from #HurricaneHarvey, here's a great place to st… 
For the last time, we only rate dogs. Please don't send in Golden Floor Frogs that love cheek rubs. Thank you... 12… 
these dogs... they're so good
Happy #NationalDogDay everyone! Please reply to this post with your pup pics. Help me create a mega thread of pawesomeness! 🐾
Happy #NationalDogDay! Last day for our #TPDogDay contest with 
 
More info:… 
This is Opie. He just graduated. Not pupared for the ruff transition from pupper to doggo. 12/10 have fun swapping… 
HE TRIED HIS BEST 13/10 
Meet Gunnar. He can’t believe anyone would make this mess. 13/10
 
Submit ur #TPDogDay pic for #NationalDogDay! #ad… 
This is Pepe. He doesn't understand what he did to deserve this. Hurtful as h*ck. 13/10 keep your chin pup Pepe 
RT 

Impawtant Info: 
This is Tally. She has never missed a sunrise from her window seat. Jovial tongue hang justified. 12/10 would trade… 
when you're being a good boy on your late afternoon walk and hear your human tell a passerby how good you are. 14/10 
This is Darcy. She carries two tennis balls wherever she goes. One original, one backpup. 13/10 enlightened af 
1/ Send us a pic of your pup in any toilet paper related scenario for a chance to win a year's supply of… 
Meet Finley. This was his first stick encounter. Came out of nowhere. Did him a startle. 12/10 someone help him 
RT 
 
⚪️ koala
⚪️ jungle. tortoise
🔘 puppo
 
seeking:
 
⚪️ noggin pats
⚪️ passionate boops
⚪️ permission. to zoom
🔘…
This is Waffles. He's a windshield wiper critic. Takes his job h*ckin seriously. 13/10 diligent good boy 
This is Jada. She heard something exciting was happening with the sun today. Might've mixed pup the dates. 12/10 th… 
Meet Bert. He's about to do a slurp. 13/10 would pet again and again 
This is Gracie. She's quite dramatic. You're witnessing her three stages of treat denial: Implore, Foresaken, Venge… 
WE DID IT! Thank you so much to everyone who donated and participated in our Clear The H*ckin Shelters campaign. Ho… 
Meet Maggie &amp; Jasmine. Rescued last year after being abandoned together. Now they're loved like never before. Both… 
Meet Basil. A pup from 
This is Charlie. His owner went to the store for a some soap. Came home with him. 13/10 h*ckin good swap 
Here's the story of how a pup named Nora and her blind friend Charlie rescued their new human. 14/10 for all involv… 
This is Casey. She's doing her best to overcome a difficult past. Slowly warming pup to her new human. 13/10 always… 
This is Norman. He wasn't always as breathtakingly dapper as he is in that photo. Took hard work to achieve such st… 
Meet Bert. An elder golden from Taiwan. Specialties include jumping with all four legs and being very good, of cour… 
This is Willow. She's new to walks. Sits whenever she feels it's necessary. 13/10 has reached a new level of leash… 
still a good boy 13/10 
This is Moose. He just confirmed that pupils can dilate because of love. Sneaky tongue slip as well. 14/10 would gi… 
This is Bentley. He's ready for some serious indoor zoomage. 13/10 h*ckin safe boy 
This is Millie. She was not puppared for such a deliberate frighten. 13/10 would do a speedy console 
This is Seth. His only worry is whether there's enough time in the day to take a picture with every flower. 13/10 
This is Andretti. He has initiated his boop ready stance. Dangerously susceptible to consecutive boops. 12/10 would… 
This is Jimothy. He has chosen his stick. Hopes you approve. 13/10 ambitious af 
RT 


🐶IT'S TIME TO CLEAR 
THE H*CKIN SHELTERS🐶

A weeklong celebration of adopted pups culminating on the 19th!

Info: ⬇️

This is Moose. He is a big boy. Quite shy. Trying to enjoy an evening out. Sits like people to blend in. 12/10 woul… 
This is Maisie. She isn't going anywhere until you smile. Might even stay a bit after that. 13/10 thank you Maisie 
There are almost 10,000 dog "selfies" underneath this tweet if you all need them right now ❤️

This is Huey. He's performing a speedy mlem roll. Maintains eye contact. 14/10 an absolute legend 
This is Ginger. You're witnessing her overcome her fear of boats. She used the "scream, snug, savor" approach. 13/1… 

"Guys I'm keeping the dog"
Schultz, the polar bear we posted a while back, has a new legacy. This is Bueller. He may also be a polar bear. 12/… 
Here's a doggo doing a costly miscalculate. 13/10 (vid by Tyler Burson) 
This is Hank. He was wondering if you could please remove his eye goobers. 12/10 would absolutely comply 
In honor of #NationalSpoilYourDogDay, everyone continue doing what they were definitely already doing
If you have one of our hats, make sure to send us a photo of you (or your dog) wearing it!
🎩
  🐕
Get Yours Here:… 
This is Lucky. Everyday, he takes some time away from his h*ctic schedule to appreciate the flowers. 12/10 
This is Ruby. She just flipped to the weather. Currently a 100% chance of very good girl. 13/10 
This is Riley. She helps with laundry. No sock left behind. 13/10 superb girl 
we have every reason to believe dogs would be benevolent rulers of the planet so i say we give them a shot
Here is a doggo doing crunches. Seems to be struggling. Started counting at one thousand when you walked in. 13/10… 
Meet Samoa. She is pupared for battle. Not sure who it's against or what the battle is about tho. 12/10 would rathe… 
This is Snickers. He picked out that flower specifically. Only needed a little help getting it to stay behind his e… 
Post a pic of ur pup on Instagram for a chance to win $500 from 

Impawtant Info… 
This is Bingo. He was told he could pick out whatever he wanted. Been such a good boy lately. 13/10 one of each ple… 
This is Olli. He's performing a bloop (speedy blep). Hoping his eyes distract you from the tongue to pizza encroach… 
This is Ryley. He's puppared for several noggin pats, maybe a chin scritch too. 13/10 you can help Ryley below… 
"I WANT TO SLEEP HERE. NO HERE. NO. WAIT. HERE. OVER HERE? YES AGAIN. BUT WHAT ABOUT HERE? ALSO SPLENDID. HERE TOO… 
This is Bubba and Koda. They are the lead roles in the four act play: Boop, Retaliation, Remorse, Temptation. 13/10… 
This is Roo. She's being leash trained. I think it's going well. 12/10 would pet with passion 



To get it in the U.K.

oh h*ck 
We actually only rate dogs. Please don't send in arctic speed bears. We appreciate your cooperation. Thank you... 1… 
This is Ares. He just found out he has a son. Couldn't be happier. 12/10 for both. H*ckin heartwarming 
This is Phineas. He's a mystical boy. Only ever appears in the hole of a donut. 13/10 
This is Tilly. She's just checking pup on you. Hopes you're doing ok. If not, she's available for pats, snugs, boop… 
🐶STICKERS🐶

We added a new one and brought back your 3 favorites! 

Free Shipping
Limited Quanitity Available

Shop… 
This is Archie. He is a rare Norwegian Pouncing Corgo. Lives in the tall grass. You never know when one may strike.… 
We must return to land now. Thank you to all who made #BarkWeek 2017 so wonderful. I highly recommend browsing that… 
This is Darla. She commenced a snooze mid meal. 13/10 happens to the best of us 
We may or may not be covering corgi races on our snapchat today. You'll have to add us to find out 🐶🏁


This is Franklin. He would like you to stop calling him "cute." He is a very fierce shark and should be respected a… 
Here we have a majestic great white breaching off South Africa's coast. Absolutely h*ckin breathtaking. 13/10 (IG:… 
Meet Jax. He enjoys ice cream so much he gets nervous around it. 13/10 help Jax enjoy more things by clicking below… 
When you watch your owner call another dog a good boy but then they turn back to you and say you're a great boy. 13… 
This is Zoey. She doesn't want to be one of the scary sharks. Just wants to be a snuggly pettable boatpet. 13/10… 
This is Cassie. She is a college pup. Studying international doggo communication and stick theory. 14/10 so elegant… 
This is Koda. He is a South Australian deckshark. Deceptively deadly. Frighteningly majestic. 13/10 would risk a pe… 
This is Bruno. He is a service shark. Only gets out of the water to assist you. 13/10 terrifyingly good boy 
Here's a puppo that seems to be on the fence about something haha no but seriously someone help her. 13/10 
This is Ted. He does his best. Sometimes that's not enough. But it's ok. 12/10 would assist 
This is Stuart. He's sporting his favorite fanny pack. Secretly filled with bones only. 13/10 puppared puppo… 
This is Oliver. You're witnessing one of his many brutal attacks. Seems to be playing with his victim. 13/10 fr*cki… 
Welcome to #BarkWeek 2017. Use the hashtag to submit your sharks. It's going to get h*ckin terrifying 🦈🐶 
This is Jim. He found a fren. Taught him how to sit like the good boys. 12/10 for both 
This is Zeke. He has a new stick. Very proud of it. Would like you to throw it for him without taking it. 13/10 wou… 
This is Ralphus. He's powering up. Attempting maximum borkdrive. 13/10 inspirational af 
This is Gerald. He was just told he didn't get the job he interviewed for. A h*ckin injustice. 12/10 didn't want th… 
This is Jeffrey. He has a monopoly on the pool noodles. Currently running a 'boop for two' midweek sale. 13/10 h*ck… 
I've yet to rate a Venezuelan Hover Wiener. This is such an honor. 14/10 paw-inspiring af (IG: roxy.thedoxy) 
This is Canela. She attempted some fancy porch pics. They were unsuccessful. 13/10 someone help her 
You may not have known you needed to see this today. 13/10 please enjoy (IG: emmylouroo) 
This... is a Jubilant Antarctic House Bear. We only rate dogs. Please only send dogs. Thank you... 12/10 would suff… 
Happy birthday Mingus ❤️ 
This is Maya. She's very shy. Rarely leaves her cup. 13/10 would find her an environment to thrive in 
I found some pics of pupper Mingus. I hope you enjoy 
This is Mingus. He's a wonderful father to his smol pup. Confirmed 13/10, but he needs your help… 
RT 

Shop Now: 
This is Derek. He's late for a dog meeting. 13/10 pet...al to the metal 

actual response: back to back 
This is Roscoe. Another pupper fallen victim to spontaneous tongue ejections. Get the BlepiPen immediate. 12/10 dee… 
Gray hats are finally restocked! Very sorry that it took like an entire dog year 🐶🎩

Shop Now:… 
This is Waffles. His doggles are pupside down. Unsure how to fix. 13/10 someone assist Waffles 
Our snapchat story is h*ckin ridiculous right now. The 
Viewer discretion advised. This is Jimbo. He will rip ur finger right h*ckin off. Other dog clearly an accessory. 1… 
I hope you get to make eye contact with a stranger's dog tomorrow
This is Maisey. She fell asleep mid-excavation. Happens to the best of us. 13/10 would pat noggin approvingly 
I have a new hero and his name is Howard. 14/10 
pleasure doing business 
Here we have a corgi undercover as a malamute. Pawbably doing important investigative work. Zero control over tongu… 
This is Earl. He found a hat. Nervous about what you think of it. 12/10 it's delightful, Earl 
hello yes I'd like to vote for all 25 candidates and also every other dog in existence please tell me when that opt… 
This is Lola. It's her first time outside. Must test the earth and taste the atmosphere. 13/10 you're doing great L… 
This is Kevin. He's just so happy. 13/10 what is your secret Kevin 
I present to you, Pup in Hat. Pup in Hat is great for all occasions. Extremely versatile. Compact as h*ck. 14/10 (I… 
OMG HE DIDN'T MEAN TO HE WAS JUST TRYING A LITTLE BARKOUR HE'S SUPER SORRY 13/10 WOULD FORGIVE IMMEDIATE 
Meet Yogi. He doesn't have any important dog meetings today he just enjoys looking his best at all times. 12/10 for… 
This is Noah. He can't believe someone made this mess. Got the vacuum out for you though. Offered to help clean pup… 
This is Bella. She hopes her smile made you smile. If not, she is also offering you her favorite monkey. 13.5/10 
Meet Grizzwald. He may be the floofiest floofer I ever did see. Lost eyes saving a schoolbus from a volcano erpupti… 
RT 

Sign pup: 
Please only send dogs. We don't rate mechanics, no matter how h*ckin good. Thank you... 13/10 would sneak a pat 
I'll be at the 

Sign pup: 
This is Rusty. He wasn't ready for the first pic. Clearly puppared for the second. 13/10 confirmed great boy 
The next few professional dog ratings are supupported by our "no shame in doin' a snooze" pillow 🐶💤

Get Yours Here… 
the dogs... they're getting better
I have some important news
This is Gus. He's quite the cheeky pupper. Already perfected the disinterested wink. 12/10 would let steal my girl 
RT 

Good job! 🐶 
This is Stanley. He has his first swim lesson today. Doggle straps adjusted. Ready to go. 13/10 Phelps is nervous (… 
This is Alfy. You're witnessing his first watermelon experience. I think it was a success. 13/10 happy 4th Alfy 🇺🇸 
Remember that it's ok to cry over a good dog every once in a while  ❤️
This is Koko. Her owner, inspired by Barney, recently built a cart for her to use during walks if she got tired. 13… 
This is Rey. He's a Benebop Cumberfloof. 12/10 dangerously pettable 
This is Gary. He couldn't miss this puppertunity for a selfie. Flawless focusing skills. 13/10 would boop intensely 
Here is a pupper approaching maximum borkdrive. Zooming at never before seen speeds. 14/10 paw-inspiring af 
(IG: p… 
Meet Elliot. He's a Canadian Forrest Pup. Unusual number of antlers for a dog. Sneaky tongue slip to celebrate… 
Atlas is reporting live on our snapchat from SoCal Corgi Beach Day 2017!

Add us: 
This is Louis. He's crossing. It's a big deal. 13/10 h*ckin breathtaking 
Ugh not again. We only rate dogs. Please don't send in well-dressed  floppy-tongued street penguins. Dogs only plea… 
This is Bella. She had her first beach experience this morning. Complete success. 12/10 would perform a sandy boop 
Meet Jesse. He's a Fetty Woof. His tongue ejects without warning. A true bleptomaniac. 12/10 would snug well 
Please don't send in photos without dogs in them. We're not 
This is Romeo. He would like to do an entrance. Requesting your immediate assistance. 13/10 
RT 

Shop Now: 
We finally made merch with a corgi butt on it. I'm sorry it took so long 

Shop Now: 
This is Bailey. He thinks you should measure ear length for signs of growth instead. 12/10 
This is Duddles. He did an attempt. 13/10 someone help him (vid by Georgia Felici) 
This is Jack AKA Stephen Furry. You're not scoring on him. Unless he slips down the slide. 12/10 would happily get… 
Many of you have mentioned to us how much you love this show. Let's not let it go without a fight #MoreDD 
This is Steven. He has trouble relating to other dogs. Quite shy. Neck longer than average. Tropical probably. 11/1… 
This is Beau. That is Beau's balloon. He takes it everywhere. 13/10 would protect at all costs 
This is Snoopy. He's a proud #PrideMonthPuppo. Impeccable handwriting for not having thumbs. 13/10 would love back… 
Martha is stunning how h*ckin dare you. 13/10 
Something that we cannot lose sight of is how good the dogs are
RT 


Meet Shadow. In an attempt to reach maximum zooming borkdrive, he tore his ACL. Still 13/10 tho. Help him out below… 
This is Emmy. She was adopted today. Massive round of pupplause for Emmy and her new family. 14/10 for all involved 
If you're ever in the mood to look at over 6,000 good dog selfies in one place, here's the best thread in existence 
This is Aja. She was just told she's a good dog. Suspicions confirmed. 13/10 would tell again 
For #NationalSelfieDay please reply to this with your dog's best selfie! (picture must be taken by the dog I can tell if it's not)
This is Penny. She's both pupset and fired pup. Not pleased w your barbaric attempts at cleanliness. 12/10 would en… 
Meet Dante. At first he wasn't a fan of his new raincoat, then he saw his reflection. H*ckin handsome. 13/10 for wa… 
This is Nelly. He graduated with his dogtorate today. Wants to know if you're proud of him. 12/10 would give congra… 
RT 

Shop Now: 
We've got all the American dog lovers out there covered for 4th of July 🇺🇸🐶

Shop Now: 
This is Ginger. She's having a ruff Monday. Too many pupper things going on. H*ckin exhausting. 12/10 would snug pa… 
RT 
6 months
9 months
1 year
happy birthday Parker 
I can say with the pupmost confidence that the doggos who assisted with this search are heroic as h*ck. 14/10 for a… 
This is Benedict. He wants to thank you for this delightful urban walk. Hopes you know he loves you. 13/10 super du… 
Meet Venti, a seemingly caffeinated puppoccino. She was just informed the weekend would include walks, pats and scr… 
WE'RE MAKING CALENDARS WITH 

🐶 BOTH WALL AND DAILY
🐶 GOOD DOGS INCLUDED
🐶 PERHAPS EVEN GREAT DOGS
This is Goose. He's a womanizer. Cheeky as h*ck, but also deep. Tongue slip game on another level. 13/10 will steal… 
Meet Nugget and Hank. Nugget took Hank's bone. Hank is wondering if you would please return it to him. Both 13/10 w… 
You'll get your package when that precious man is done appreciating the pups. 13/10 for everyone 
Guys please stop sending pictures without any dogs in th- oh never mind hello excuse me sir. 12/10 stealthy as h*ck 
Meet Cash. He hath acquired a stick. A very good stick tbh. 12/10 would pat head approvingly 
This is Jed. He may be the fanciest pupper in the game right now. Knows it too. 13/10 would sign modeling contract 
RT 

htt…
I can't believe this keeps happening. This, is a birb taking a bath. We only rate dogs. Please only send dogs. Than… 
Today is the last day to get Father's Day stuff by Father's Day!

Something for every dog dad out there 🐕

Shop Now… 
This is Sebastian. He can't see all the colors of the rainbow, but he can see that this flag makes his human happy.… 
We usually don't rate Deck-bound Saskatoon Black Bears, but this one is h*ckin flawless. Sneaky tongue slip too. 13… 
RT 


This is Sierra. She's one precious pupper. Absolute 12/10. Been in and out of ICU her whole life. Help Sierra below… 
RT 
I love it 😩 
RT 

We made a sticker to celebrate 🐕

(all previous stickers also available)

RT 

c. wags (good. ones)
2. cheese
III. invading spaces
7. stick
4. quests
7. peanut. butter…
Here's a very large dog. He has a date later. Politely asked this water person to check if his breath is bad. 12/10… 
The Paris Pupdate to 

Ils sont des bons chiens, Brent

Download now on iOS:… 
Today is National Best Friend Day! 

We made a sticker to celebrate 🐕

(all previous stickers also available)… 
Here are my favorite #dogsatpollingstations 
Most voted for a more consistent walking schedule and to increase dail… 
This is Monkey. She's supporting owners everywhere with her fancy #PrideMonth bandana. 13/10 love is love is love... 
We. Only. Rate. Dogs. Do not send in other things like this fluffy floor shark clearly ready to attack. Get it toge… 
This is Harry. His ears are activated one at a time. Incredibly rare to witness in person. Very special moment here… 
This is Kody. He's a baller. Wishes he was a little bit taller. Double dribbles often. Still 12/10 would happily ge… 
Say hello to Lassie. She's celebrating #PrideMonth by being a splendid mix of astute and adorable. Proudly supuppor… 
ICYMI: we now have designs for both dog moms AND dog dads 🐶

Check em out: 
This is Rover. As part of pupper protocol he had to at least attempt to eat the plant. Confirmed not tasty. Needs p… 
This is Napolean. He's a Raggedy East Nicaraguan Zoom Zoom. Runs on one leg. Built for deception. No eyes. Good wit… 
If your dog is celebrating LGBTQ Pride Month by wearing rainbow or just being extra good, pls use #PrideMonthPuppo so we can find it! 🐶🏳️‍🌈
Never doubt a doggo 14/10 
This is Boomer. He's doing an advanced water takeoff. The opposite of Sully. Ears for control, mlem for style. 13/1… 
RT 
New hat. 
Real funny guys. Sending in a pic without a dog in it. Hilarious. We'll rate the rug tho because it's giving off a… 
Our Father's Day collection is here!

Probably something for all the dog loving dads out there idk

Shop Now 🐕:… 
Cody's worried he's going to miss a summertime full of outside zooms. Let's see if we can change that 
This is Cody. He zoomed too aggressively and tore his ACL. Happens to the best of us. Still 13/10

Help Cody here:… 
This is Zoey. She really likes the planet. Would hate to see willful ignorance and the denial of fairly elemental s… 
This is Rumble, but he's not ready to. Would rather fall asleep in his bath bucket. 13/10 would attempt a boop with… 
Meet Clifford. He's quite large. Also red. Good w kids. Somehow never steps on them. Massive poops very inconvenien… 
RT 

 
I'm so sorry


This is Dewey (pronounced "covfefe"). He's having a good walk. Arguably the best walk. 13/10 would snug softly 
Meet Stanley. He likes road trips. Will shift for you. One ear more effective than other. 13/10 we don't leave unti… 
This is Scout. He just graduated. Officially a doggo now. Have fun with taxes and losing sight of your ambitions. 1… 
This is Gizmo. His favorite thing is standing pupright like a hooman. Sneaky tongue slip status achieved. 13/10 wou… 
Friendly reminder that they're good dogs, Brent

Shop Now: 
This is Walter. He won't start hydrotherapy without his favorite floatie. 14/10 keep it pup Walter 
RT 


Here's a h*ckin peaceful boy. Unbothered by the comings and goings. 13/10 please reveal your wise ways 
Say hello to Cooper. His expression is the same wet or dry. Absolute 12/10 but Coop desperately requests your help… 
What's really great about dogs is that they're just so good
Unbelievable. We only rate dogs. Please don't send in non-canines like the "I" from Pixar's opening credits. Thank… 
Meet Harold.  He's h*ckin cooperative. 13/10 good work Harold 
RT 
MY CROPS ARE GROWING 
ATLAS IS HERE 
HIS TEEFS ARE SHOWING 
This is Shikha. She just watched you drop a skittle on the ground and still eat it. Could not be less impressed. 12… 
Oh my this spooked me up. We only rate dogs, not happy ghosts. Please send dogs only. It's a very simple premise. T… 
I know I mention this video a lot, but it never fails to make me smile. 15 seconds to take your mind off the world. We'll be alright ❤
He was providing for his family 13/10 how dare you 
This is Lili. She can't believe you betrayed her with bath time. Never looking you in the eye again. 12/10 would pu… 
This is Jamesy. He gives a kiss to every other pupper he sees on his walk. 13/10 such passion, much tender 
This is Coco. At first I thought she was a cloud but clouds don't bork with such passion. 12/10 would hug softly 
Daisy has been adopted! The family who fostered her decided after only 3 days that her stay would be permanent. Wel… 
It's Atlas' first birthday and he's celebrating on our snapchat!


Meet Boomer. He's just checking pup on you. Hopes you had a good day. If not, he hopes he made it better. 13/10 ext… 
I hope a dog smiles at you tomorrow
This is Sammy. Her tongue ejects without warning sometimes. It's a serious condition. Needs a hefty dose from a Ble… 
RT 

I'd drive much safer if I saw this on a nearby car. H*ckin 10 &amp; 2 

Shop Now: 
This is Nelly. He really hopes you like his Hawaiian shirt. He already tore the tags off. 13/10 h*ck of a puppurcha… 
Doggo On Board magnets are here!

I'd drive much safer if I saw this on a nearby car. H*ckin 10 &amp; 2 

Shop Now:… 
We only rate dogs. Please don't send in Jesus. We're trying to remain professional and legitimate. Thank you... 14/… 


1. them all
This is Meatball. He doing what's known in the industry as a mid-strut mlem. H*ckin fancy boy. 12/10 I'd do anythin… 
This is Paisley. She ate a flower just to prove she could. Savage af. 13/10 would pet so well 
This is Albus. He's quite impressive at hide and seek. Knows he's been found this time. 13/10 usually elusive as h*… 
This is Neptune. He's a backpup vocalist for the Dixie Chicks. 13/10 (vid by 
Mother's Day Sale! 🐶

Use code "DOGMOM" for 10% Off

Lasts until tomorrow night! 🐕

Shop Now →… 
RT 


This is Belle. She's never been more pupset. Encountered the worst imaginable type of zone. 12/10 would do anything… 
I think we should seriously consider the possibility that dogs are not only good, but great as well
RT 
Play Good Dogs now on iOS + Android 
Ladies and gentlemen... I found Pipsy. He may have changed his name to Pablo, but he never changed his love for the… 
Say hello to Quinn. She's quite the goofball. Not even a year old. Confirmed 13/10 but she really needs your help… 
This is Zooey. She's the world's biggest fan of illiterate delivery people. 13/10 not your fault they don't listen,… 
This is Dave. He passed the h*ck out. It's barely the afternoon on a Thursday, Dave. Get it together. Still 11/10 w… 
This is Jersey. He likes to watch movies, but only if you watch with him. Enjoys horror films like The Bababork and… 
We only rate dogs. Please don't send perfectly toasted marshmallows attempting to drive. Thank you... 13/10 
RT 

Play Now! 

Ils sont tous bons chien…
This is Hobbes. He's never seen bubbles before. 13/10 deep breaths buddy 
This video was brought to you by this wonderful Instagram page! Give it a follow 🐶

HI. MY. NAME. IS. BOOMER. AND. I. WANT. TO. SAY. IT'S. H*CKIN. RIDICULOUS. THAT. DOGS. CAN'T VOTE. ABSOLUTE. CODSWA… 
This is Burt. He thinks your thesis statement is comically underdeveloped. 12/10 intellectual af 
RT 




Me, an intellectual: no they're not
H*CK CANCER
Meet Lorenzo. He's an avid nifty hat wearer and absolute 13/10, but he needs your help to beat cancer. Link below… 
This is Carl. He likes to dance. Doesn't care what you think about it. 13/10 h*ckin confident pup 
This is Jordy. He likes to go on adventures and watch the small scaly underwater dogs with fins pass him by. 12/10… 
Here we have perhaps the wisest dog of all. Above average with light sabers. Immortal as h*ck. 14/10 dog, or dog no… 
It's the last day to get any of these fine doggo mommo products by Mother's Day! 🐶

Meet Milky. She has no idea what happened. Just as pupset as you. Perhaps a sheep exploded. Even offered to help cl… 
Meet Trooper. He picks pup recyclables that have blown out of bins in the neighborhood and puts them back. 13/10 en… 
Sorry for the lack of posts today. I came home from school and had to spend quality time with my puppo. Her name is… 
RT 


We only rate dogs. This is quite clearly a smol broken polar bear. We'd appreciate if you only send dogs. Thank you… 
Here we have an exotic dog. Good at ukulele. Fashionable af. Has two more arms if needed. Is blue. Knows what 'ohan… 
I have stumbled puppon a doggo painting party. They're looking to be the next Pupcasso or Puppollock. All 13/10 wou… 
This is Sophie. She just arrived. Used pawority shipping. Speedy as h*ck delivery. 13/10 would carefully assemble 
RT 

Now, where to find a thought bubble sticker to go around it. 
This is Wyatt. He had an interview earlier today. Was just told he didn't get the job. A h*ckin injustice. Still 12… 
This is Rosie. She was just informed of the walk that's about to happen. Knows there are many a stick along the way… 
RT 

Let your mom know it's ok that her dog is more important than you 🐶

Shop Now: 
Meet Thor. He doesn't have finals because he's a dog but is pupset you have finals. Just wants to play. 13/10 would… 
RT 

play Good Dogs now!

Mother's Day Collection is Here!

Let your mom know it's ok that her dog is more important than you 🐶

Shop Now:… 
If you're stressing over finals:

1. find dog
2. pet dog
Instead of the usual nightly dog rate, I'm sharing this story with you. Meeko is 13/10 and would like your help… 
This is Oscar and Oliver. Oliver shrunk Oscar. Oscar isn't pleased about it. Quite pupset tbh. Oliver doesn't seem… 
RT 

3. no taxes
a. pets
• belly scritches
7. zooms (fast ones)
7. occasional swims
d) snoozes
1. peanut…
This is Zeke. He performs group cheeky wink tutorials. Pawfect execution here. 12/10 would wink back 
This is Callie. She'll be your navigator today. Takes her job very seriously. Will shift for you. One ear always in… 
THIS IS CHARLIE, MARK. HE DID JUST WANT TO SAY HI AFTER ALL. PUPGRADED TO A 14/10. WOULD BE AN HONOR TO FLY WITH 
This is Cermet, Paesh, and Morple. They are absolute h*ckin superstars. Watered every day so they can grow. 14/10 f… 
HE'S LIKE "WAIT A MINUTE I'M AN ANIMAL THIS IS AMAZING HI HUMAN I LOVE YOU AS WELL" 13/10 
Here's a puppo participating in the #ScienceMarch. Cleverly disguising her own doggo agenda. 13/10 would keep the p… 
New &amp; Improved classes of travel:

Economy class - $
Business class - $$$
First class - $$$$$
Seat next to a dog - *value is incalculable
I HEARD HE TIED HIS OWN BOWTIE MARK AND HE JUST WANTS TO SAY HI AND MAYBE A NOGGIN PAT SHOW SOME RESPECT 13/10 


but as long as everyone kn… 
Guys, we only rate dogs. This is quite clearly a bulbasaur. Please only send dogs. Thank you... 12/10 human used pe… 
This is Marlee. She fetched a flower and immediately requested that it be placed behind her ear. 12/10 elegant af 
Alpha Doggo Omegood Boy 
RT 

Shop Now:

This is Arya. She can barely contain her excitement for more peanut butter. Also patriotic af. 13/10 
We just completed a massive pupdate to our app, Good Dogs!

More Maps + More Doggos

We hope you enjoy 🐶

Download:… 
Mister will be doing incredible doggo things all day on our snapchat!

Add us: 
We now have products specifically for all the rebellious doggos out there

Shop Now:

This is Einstein. He's having a really good day. Hopes you are too. H*ckin nifty tongue. 13/10 would snug intensely 
Sometimes you guys remind me just how impactful a pupper can be. Cooper will be remembered as a good boy by so many… 
At first I thought this was a shy doggo, but it's actually a Rare Canadian Floofer Owl. Amateurs would confuse the… 
Say hello to Alice. I'm told she enjoys car rides and smells good. 12/10 would give her everything she could ever w… 
A photographer took pictures before and after he told his bunny he's a good boy. Here are the results. 13/10 
This is Rumpole. He'll be your Uber driver this evening. Won't start driving until you buckle pup. 13/10 h*ckin saf… 
I've posted this once before, but the situation has escalated and Blue needs further surgery. Good luck Blue! 🐶… 
RT 


Meet Benny. He likes being adorable and making fun of you while you're on the trampoline. 12/10 let's help him out… 
This is Aspen. She's never tasted a stick so succulent. On the verge of tears. A face of pure appreciation. 12/10 
This is Jarod. He likes having his belly brushed. Tongue ejects when you hit the right spot. 13/10 downright h*ckin… 
THIS IS GOING TO BE SO MUCH FUN. It's open to the public, and we'll also do a livestream. Can't wait to discuss dog… 
This is Wiggles. She would like you to spot her. Probably won't need your help but just in case. 13/10 powerful as… 
Both of our stickers are currently available in black and white, but probably not for very long 🐶

Grab yours:… 
Here's a pupdate in case you're worried about what happened next :)

Meet General. He wasn't content with the quality of his room. Requested to pupgrade, but was ignored. 14/10 look wh… 
This is Sailor. He has collected the best dirt in the area. As any good boy would. Under the impression you know wh… 
In honor of #NationalPetDay, please make sure to pet your dog more than usual
Oh jeez u did me quite the spook little fella. We normally don't rate triceratops but this one seems suspiciously g… 
This is Iggy. He was a rescue dog killed in the Stockholm attack. His memorial started with a collar and four bones… 
Day 483 in the bubble: this is simply h*ckin ridiculous
Meet Snoop. His number one passion is sticking his head out of car windows, so he purchased some doggles. Stylish a… 
This is Kyle. He made a joke about your shoes, then stuck his tongue out at you. Uncalled for. Step the h*ck up Kyl… 
Join the fun! 🐶
Add us: weratedogs 
This is Leo. He's a personal triathlon coach. Currently overseeing this athlete's push-pups. H*ckin brutal. 13/10 w… 
This is Riley. He's making new friends. Jubilant as h*ck for the fun times ahead. 11/10 for all pups pictured 
oh h*ck... it's Omar's now 
Say hello to Boomer. He's a sandy pupper. Having a h*ckin blast. 12/10 would pet passionately 
Seriously guys? Again? We only rate dogs. Please stop submitting other things like this super good hammerhead shark… 
This is Noosh. He noticed you were in the shower and thought you could use some company. 12/10 h*ckin loyal 
dogs. 
At first I thought this was a dog because of the sign, but it is clearly Wilson from Home Improvement. Please only… 
This is Kevin. Kevin doesn't give a single h*ck. Will sit in the fountain if he wants to. 13/10 churlish af 
Please stop sending in animals other than dogs. We only rate dogs. Not Furry Ecuadorian Sea Turtles. Thank you... 1… 
Meet Odin. He's supposed to be giving directions but he'd rather look at u like that. Should probably buckle pup. 1… 
Jerry just apuppologized to me. He said there was no ill-intent to the slippage. I overreacted I admit. Pupgraded to an 11/10 would pet
This is Jerry. He's doing a distinguished tongue slip. Slightly patronizing tbh. You think you're better than us, J… 
We may have taken April Fool's Day a bit too far with that one, but at least we didn't rate a cat or something ridiculous
...they're great #AprilFools
Some dogs aren't good
This is Georgie. He's very shy. Only puppears when called. Aggressively average at fetch. Unique front paws. Looks… 
This is Rontu. He is described as a pal, cuddle bug, protector and constant shadow. 12/10, but he needs your help… 
This is Cannon. He just heard something behind him. Fr*ckin frightened af. 12/10 don't look back just run 
I've been informed by sources that this is actually a seagull. I apologize. It won't happen again. We only rate dogs
This is Furzey. He's doing an elevated sandy zoom. Adjusts ears to steer. 12/10 would pet mid flight 
Meet Daisy. She's been pup for adoption for months now but hasn't gotten any applications. 11/10 let's change that… 
Unbelievable... We. Only. Rate. Dogs. Please stop sending in other things like this Blossoming Flop Kangaroo. Thank… 
This is Tuck. As you can see, he's rather h*ckin rare. Taken seriously until his legs are seen. Tail stuck in a per… 
this is important David thank you for this research 
This is Barney. He's an elder doggo. Hitches a ride when he gets tired. Waves goodbye before he leaves. 13/10 pleas… 
THIS WAS NOT HIS FAULT HE HAD NO IDEA. 11/10 STILL A VERY GOOD DOG 
Yes... I should've said "puppertunistic af." I'll do better next time
This is Vixen. He really likes bananas. Steals them when he thinks nobody's watching. 13/10 opportunistic af 
SHE DID AN ICY ZOOM AND KNEW WHEN TO PUT ON THE BRAKES 13/10 CANCEL THE GAME THIS IS ALL WE NEED 
ICYMI: We have pillows now! 🐶


Meet Jarvis. The snow pupsets him. Officially ready for summer. 12/10 would perform a chilly boop 
We usually don't rate polar bears but this one seems extra good. Majestic as h*ck. 13/10 would hug for a while 
If there's one thing. i want you to really understand. it's that dogs. are so good
C'mon guys. Please only send in dogs. We only rate dogs, not Exceptional-Tongued Peruvian Floor Bears. Thank you...… 
Say hello to Mimosa. She's an emotional support doggo who helps her owner with PTSD. 13/10, but she needs your help… 
WE HAVE PUPPILLOWS NOW BECAUSE WHY NOT

3 Old Designs + 2 New 

18" x 18"  or  20" x 12"

Shop Now↴… 
This is Pickles. She's a silly pupper. Thinks she's a dish. 12/10 would dry 
All doggos are puppers today if they want to be #NationalPuppyDay #SayNoToDoggoDiscrimination
PUPDATE: I'm proud to announce that Toby is 236 days sober. Pupgraded to a 13/10. We're all very proud of you, Toby 
This is Brady. He's a recovering alcoholic. Demonstrating incredible restraint here. 12/10 don't give pup, don't gi… 
Would you mind if i

ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤpet your dog  
ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ
I may have rushed to judge the bee. It may have been attempting a boop and slipped. Regardless, we must protect Luna at all costs
This is Luna. It's her first time outside and a bee stung her nose. Completely h*ckin uncalled for. 13/10 where's t… 
I'm receiving word that this is not actually a washing machine, but a rocket launch simulator Charlie built. He named it Pup, Pup, and Away
This is Charlie. He wants to know if you have a moment to talk about washing machine insurance policies. 11/10 woul… 
PUPDATE: Rocco almost made it today
This is Margo. She just dug pup a massive hole. Can't wait for you to see it. H*ckin proud of herself. 12/10 would… 
HE WAS DOING A SNOOZE NO SHAME IN A SNOOZE 13/10 
Say hello to Sadie and Daisy. They do all their shopping together. Can never agree on what to get. Like an old marr… 
This is Hank. He's been outside for 3 minutes and already made a friend. Way to go Hank. 11/10 for both 
This is Tycho. She just had new wheels installed. About to do a zoom. 0-60 in 2.4 seconds. 13/10 inspirational as h… 
Ok I'm crying 
You guys made quick work of those so we made more! 🐶 
This is Charlie. He's wishing you a very fun and safe St. Pawtrick's Day. 13/10 festive af 
We finally turned our logo into a sticker for you guys! 

Free Shipping

Limited Quantity Available

Shop Now:… 
Meet Indie. She's not a fan of baths but she's definitely a fan of hide &amp; seek. 12/10 click the link to help Indie… 
THANK YOU 
This is Winnie. She lost her body saving a children's hospital from an avalanche. 13/10 what a h*ckin hero 
Reasons dogs are good:

•they are
•they just are
•I don't have enough characters to elaborate
•they just are
Meet George. He looks slightly deflated but overall quite powerful. Not sure how that human restrained him. 12/10 w… 
RT 
hi
hi
hi
hi
hi
hi
hi
hi
hi
hi
hi
hi
hi
hi
hi
hi
hi
hi 
This is Bentley. It's his first time going to the beach. I think he's a fan. 12/10 would build sand castles with 
This is Penny. She's a dragon slayer. Feared by most, if not all, dragons. Showing off her latest victim here. 12/1… 
Here we have some incredible doggos for #K9VeteransDay. All brave as h*ck. Salute your dog in solidarity. 14/10 for… 
Reminder that they're good dogs 🐶

Get Yours↴

We don't rate penguins, but if we did, this one would get 12/10 
This is Max. There's no way in h*ck you're taking his pacifier. Binky promises it's not happening. 13/10 very good… 
This is Dawn. She's just checking pup on you. Making sure you're doing okay. 12/10 she's here if you need her 
May I Puppose: Doglight Saving Time, an extra hour to do nothing but activities with ur dog. High ranking government followers pls consider
Daylight Saving Time isn't good because that's one less hour you could spend with your dog
AND ALL LOSSES TOO TBH
PRETTY MUCH ALL SITUATIONS SHOULD BE CELEBRATED WITH THE ARRIVAL OF A PUPPY 
RT 

 
RT 


I didn't even have to intervene. Took him 4 minutes to realize his error. 10/10 for Kevin 
Say hello to Maddie and Gunner. They are considerably pupset about bath time. Both 12/10 but Gunner needs your help… 
You have been visited by the magical sugar jar puggo. He has granted you three boops. 13/10 would use immediately 
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT LAST NIGHT, THIS IS HAPPENING 
This is Monty. He makes instantly regrettable decisions. Couldn't help himself. It looked like a ghost lollipop. 12… 
RT 
ITS CALLED EVERYONES A ALIEBN WHEN UR A ALIEBN TOO
HERES THE COVER
U CAN PREORDER IT NOW

IF YOU CAN'T WAIT THAT LONG DON'T WORRY WE WILL POST MANY A DOGGO ON HERE BETWEEN NOW AND THEN
PUPLICATION DATE IS SET FOR EARLY OCTOBER
I'M MAKING A BOOK
IT HAS DOGS
THEY'RE ALL GOOD
MOST HAVE NEVER BEEN SEEN BY THE INTERNET

YOU CAN PREORDER IT NOW… 
I have an announcement
Meet Sojourner. His nose is a Fibonacci Spiral. Legendary af. 13/10 we must protect him at all costs 
If you didn't pet a dog today, that's okay, tomorrow you might pet two
Meet Winston. He knows he's a little too big for the swing, but he doesn't care. Kindly requests a push. 12/10 woul… 
*finger to earpiece* wait... I'm receiving word that this is actually a mix between a Clydesdale and Hercules from the Sandlot
This is Odie. He's big. 13/10 would attempt to ride 
Dogs are very good and I think that's important
SHE MISPLACED HER HOOMAN 13/10 MISTAKES HAPPEN 
RT 
(yes, those are socks)

Shop Now: 
This is Arlo. He's officially the king of snowy tongue slips. 13/10 would comfort during inevitable brain freeze 
SAINT PATRICK'S DAY DESIGNS ARE HERE 🍀🐶🍀
(yes, those are socks)

Shop Now: 
This is Walter. His owner has been watching all the Iditarod coverage and is convinced Walter can be a sled dog. 13… 
I'm home for a week so you all can follow Zoey on our snapchat: WeRateDogs 
Hold pup... I'm getting repawts that this may actually be a Hitchhiking Polar Bear
This is Stanley. Somehow he heard you tell him he's a good boy from all the way up there. 13/10 I love you Stanley 
Can... can I pet Dave yet? 
The famous Atlas (after a lot of convincing on my part) finally made an Instagram. His username is: everythingatlas 
This is Daisy. She's puppears to be rare as all h*ck. Only seven like her currently domesticated. 13/10 pettable af 
There's still time
Here's a pupper before and after being asked "who's a good girl?" Unsure as h*ck. 12/10 hint hint it's you 
I hope you all get to pet a dog today
This is Waffles. He's a ship captain in real life and in 
This is Vincent. He's suave as h*ck. Will be your copilot this evening. Claims he doesn't need to look at the direc… 
Even though I've only gotten him to level 3, I'm a big proponent of Arthur the Firefighting Corgicool and his sneak… 
This is Lucy. She has a portrait of herself on her ear. Excellent for identification pupposes. 13/10 innovative af 
Yes, we are aware that most of you already immerse yourself in a world where your dog is all that matters
THE DOGGOS ARE IN JAPAN NOW! 
🌸
Immerse yourself in a world where your dog is all that matters 🐶
🌸
Download Here:… 
This is Clark. He passed pupper training today. Round of appaws for Clark. 13/10 
Even if I tried (which I would never), I'd last like 17 seconds
Lol jk could you imagine
For lent I'm giving up petting dogs
This is Mookie. He really enjoys shopping but not from such high altitudes. Doin him quite the concern. 12/10 someo… 
This is Meera. She just heard about taxes and how much a doghouse in a nice area costs. Not pupared to be a  doggo… 
Say hello to Oliver. He's pretty exotic. Fairly pupset as well. Too many midterms coming pup. 11/10 would pet with… 
This is Ava. She just blasted off. Streamline af. Aerodynamic as h*ck. One small step for pupper, one giant leap fo… 
This is Lucy. She spent all morning overseeing the shoveling of the driveway. H*ckin hard work. 13/10 very good gir… 
ICYMI: we did this over the weekend 
And the Oscar for best dog goes to... them all
Day 441 in the bubble: henlo everyone I'm doing fine. Actually feeling pretty good watching all this ridiculousness from above
Atlas is back and this time he's prettier than the sunset. Seems to be aware of it too. 13/10 would give modeling c… 
The puns made in the comments that are better than mine hurt me deeply just so you know
This is Eli. He works backstage at Bone Jovi concerts. Heavy duty earmuffs for puptection. H*ckin safe boy. 11/10 
RT 


Meet Ash. He's a Benebop Cumberplop. Quite rare. Fairly portable. Lil sandy tho. Clearly knows something you don't.… 
Meet Lola. Her hobbies include being precious af and using her foot as a toothbrush. 12/10 Lola requests your help… 
Since you all seem to enjoy our "oh h*ck" hats, we added the phrase to every other product! 🐶

Shop Now:… 
We only rate dogs. Please don't send in any non-canines like this Floppy Tongued House Panda. Thank you... 12/10 wo… 
When you're so blinded by your systematic plagiarism that you forget what day it is. 0/10 

do you run my account: pls no
Little dogs can be lap dogs, but big dogs can be lap dogs too. My point here is that your dog can do what it wants
This is Tucker. He decided it was time to part ways with his favorite ball. We captured the emotional farewell on c… 
This is Tobi. She is properly fetching her shot. H*ckin nifty af bandana. 13/10 would send fully armed battalion to… 
We've gotten hundreds of requests to rate 
HOW DID I NOT SEE HIS MUSTACHE OMFG
Here's a doggo fully pupared for a shower. H*ckin exquisite balance. Sneaky tongue slip too. 13/10 
Meet Chester (bottom) &amp; Harold (top). They are different dogs not only in appearance, but in personality as well. B… 
I've been told by sources that he's simply saving the milk for later
This is Wilson. He's aware that he has something on his face. Waiting for you to get it for him. 12/10 
This is Sunshine. She doesn't believe in personal space. Eyes pretty far apart for a dog. Has horns (whoa). 11/10 w… 
Dog*

I wonder what he's late for...
We haven't seen breaking moos like this in so long I apologize for my excitement
Clearly some sort of racing hound. H*ckin magnificent stride
DOGGO ON THE LOOSE I REPEAT DOGGO ON THE LOOSE 10/10 
This is Lipton. He's a West Romanian Snuggle Pup. Only a few left of his kind. 12/10 would boop 
Good news guys 

This is Bentley. Hairbrushes are his favorite thing in the h*ckin world. 12/10 impawsible to say no to 
We added some huge new rewards to our Patreon if you'd like to help support the page 😘🐶 #LoveYourPetDay 

Meet Charlie. She asked u to change the channel to Animal Planet at least 6 times. Now taking matters into her own… 
Every day is #LoveYourPetDay if you have a pet
No, I did not expect 
This is Bronte. She's fairly h*ckin aerodynamic. Also patiently waiting for mom to make her a main character. 13/10… 
This is Poppy. She just arrived. 13/10 would snug passionately 
It's safe to say our snapchat was h*ckin puptacular today! I don't think you want to miss it 🐶
Username: weratedogs 

This is Gidget. She's a spy pupper. Stealthy as h*ck. Must've slipped pup and got caught. 12/10 would forgive then… 
Happening now on snapchat: WeRateDogs 
For the full story that you're 100% going to cry over: 
This is Rhino. He arrived at a shelter with an elaborate doggo manual for his new family, written by someone who wi… 
This is Willow. She's the official strawberry taste tester. Palate delicate af. Currently noting the subtle piquanc… 
Prosperous good boy 13/10 socioeconomic af 
There's going to be a dog terminal at JFK Airport. This is not a drill. 10/10  

This is Orion. He just got back from the dentist. Cavity free af. 12/10 would give extra pats 
This is Eevee. She wants to see how you're doing. Just checkin pup on you. She hopes you're doing okay. 12/10 extre… 
This is Charlie. He fell asleep on a heating vent. Would puppreciate your assistance. 11/10 someone help Charlie 
For more Smiley you can follow 
Say hello to Smiley. He's a blind therapy doggo having a h*ckin blast high steppin around in the snow. 14/10 would… 
This is Miguel. He was the only remaining doggo at the adoption center after the weekend. Let's change that. 12/10… 
This is Emanuel. He's a h*ckin rare doggo. Dwells in a semi-urban environment. Round features make him extra collec… 
Kuyu, who's name means "well," was adopted by the fire department that rescued him almost immediately 
Meet Kuyu. He was trapped in a well for 10 days. Rescued yesterday using a device designed by a local robotics team… 
They were all good dogs tho

This is Daisy. She has a heart on her butt. 13/10 topical af 
I usually only share these on Friday's, but this is Blue. He's a very smoochable pooch who needs your help. 13/10… 
Roses are red
Violets are blue
No valentine?
A pupper will do
PUPDATE: Chelsea still hasn't gotten it together 
This is Dutch. He dressed up as his favorite emoji for Valentine's Day. I've got heart eyes for his heart eyes. 13/… 
If all else fails... I'll be your valentine
If you don't have a dog, but you're sneaky, then someone else's dog can be your valentine
Your dog is allowed to be your valentine I checked
Again, and I can't emphasize this enough, they're all good dogs #WKCDogShow
This is Pete. He has no eyes. Needs a guide doggo. Also appears to be considerably fluffy af. 12/10 would hug softly 
I couldn't make it to the #WKCDogShow BUT I have people there on the ground relaying me the finest pupper pics poss… 
To answer your questions: no, I don't know which one is the father either
This is Scooter and his son Montoya.  Scooter is a wonderful father. He takes very good care of Montoya. Both 12/10… 
This is Tucker. He's feeling h*ckin festive and his owners don't have the heart to tell him Christmas is over. 12/10 
Say hello to Reggie. He hates puns. 12/10 lighten pup Reggie 
This is Lilly. She just parallel barked. Kindly requests a reward now. 13/10 would pet so well 
Look at what you all did today 
Meet Samson. He's absolute fluffy perfection. Easily 13/10, but he needs your help. Click the link to find out more… 
This is Mia. She already knows she's a good dog. You don't have to tell her. 12/10 would probably tell her anyway 
PUPDATE: wagging has been proven effective
For any news regarding our shop:
Follow 

For any news regarding our app:
Follow 

Thank you for the support 🐶
PUPDATE: Cupid has skis now 
This is Leo. He was a skater pup. She said see ya later pup. He wasn't good enough for her. 12/10 you're good enoug… 
RT 
Looks heckin sweet 
Here's a stressed doggo. Had a long day. Many things on her mind. The hat communicates these feelings exquisitely.… 
This is Astrid. She's a guide doggo in training. 13/10 would follow anywhere 
This is Malcolm. He goes from sneaky tongue slip to flirt wink city in a matter of seconds. 12/10 would hug softly 
This is Dexter. He was reunited with his mom yesterday after she was stuck in Iran during the travel Bannon. 13/10… 
This is Alfie. He's your Lyft for tonight. Kindly requests you buckle pup and remain reasonably calm during the rid… 
This is Fiona. She's an exotic dog. Seems rather impatient. Jaw extension on another level tho. Looks slippery. 10/… 
Last day to get anything from our Valentine's Collection by Valentine's Day! 🐶💝🐾🌹🐕

Shop: 
Occasionally, we're sent fantastic stories. This is one of them. 14/10 for Grace 
Whoops look what I did 

This is Mutt Ryan. He's quite confident at the moment. 12/10 rise pup! 
This is Bear. He went outside to play in the snow. Needed a break from the game. Feeling a tad better now. 12/10  d… 
Next year we're raising money so I can pay for a 3 second #SuperBowl ad spot that just says "They're good dogs, Brent"
Meet Doobert. He's a deaf doggo. Didn't stop him on the field tho. Absolute legend today. 14/10 would pat head appr… 
This is Beebop. Her name means "Good Dog" in robot. She also was a star on the field today. 13/10 would pet well 
This is Alexander Hamilpup. He was one of the many stars in this year's Puppy Bowl. He just hopes both teams had fu… 
Reminder that every dog who participated was a winner and also very good
Beebop and Doobert should start a band 12/10 would listen
DOOOOBERTTTTT
They're actually all the most valuable player in my opinion
That exotic feathery dog actually writes the tweets for this account
Tucker is my hero
I'm sensing a comeback
I'm live on Instagram if you guys want to come watch the Puppy Bowl with me! 

Username is WeRateDogs
My favorite dogs in this are the ones that could not care less about what's happening around them
I understand the need for flags but honestly these dogs are doing nothing wrong
Maggie just stole my heart
This is absolutely riveting so far. Team Fluff is considerably overpowered
Already rated that dog

That's just a rare dog actually
Here we h*ckin go
Before the Puppy Bowl starts I want to reassure everyone that all participants are, indeed, good dogs
We will try to be descriptive so those of you who are unable to watch the game can imagine the competitive floof fest
30 minutes until we start live tweeting this year's Puppy Bowl!
RT 


This is Sailer. He waits on the roof for his owners to come home. Nobody knows how he gets up there. H*ckin loyal a… 
Say hello to Brutus and Jersey. They think they're the same size. Best furiends furever. Both 11/10 would pet simul… 
Yes, I will be doing some sort of live commentary of the Puppy Bowl tomorrow. Here's what makes this year's better:


This is Kona. Yesterday she stopped by the department to see what it takes to be a police pupper. 12/10 vest was on… 
Dogs are so good guys like wow
This is Boots. She doesn't know what to do with treats so she just holds them. Very good girl. 12/10 would give mor… 
Fixed Android link!!! 🐶


Meet Tucker. It's his birthday. He's pupset with you because you're too busy playing 
GOOD DOGS

OUT NOW ON IOS AND ANDROID
(it's a good game, Brent)

DOWNLOAD HERE

Get. H*ckin. Hype.

Tomorrow is a big day. I hope you're all pupared
This is Ralphie. He's being treated for an overactive funny bone, which is no joke. 12/10 would try to pet with a s… 
This is Charlie. He wins every game of chess he plays. Won't let opponent pet him until they forfeit. 13/10 you win… 
If you'd like to help out the wonderful people giving Cupid that long happy doggo life, click the link below:


These also came out today. They're meant for humans but you can get one for your dog if you want 🐶

Shop:… 
This is Loki. He smiles like Elvis. Ain't nothin but a hound doggo. 12/10 
This is Cupid. He was found in the trash. Now he's well on his way to prosthetic front legs and a long happy doggo… 
Our Valentine's Collection is here!
Show your dog that they are your main priority this February 14th ❤🐶

Shop Now:… 
I was going to do 007/10, but the joke wasn't worth the &lt;10 rating
This is Pawnd... James Pawnd. He's suave af. 13/10 would trust with my life 
For some reason a lot of people have asked me today if I can be their valentine. H*ck... of course I'll be your valentine ❤
We've come so far 
This is Pilot. He has mastered the synchronized head tilt and sneaky tongue slip. Usually not unlocked until later… 
I'm getting conflicting repawts. This could actually be an Icelandic Wild Street Moose
We only rate dogs. Please don't send in any more non-dogs like this Wild Albanian Street Moose. Thank you... 11/10 
Here's a little more info on Dew, your favorite roaming doggo that went h*ckin viral. 13/10 

This is Ike. He's demonstrating the pupmost restraint. 13/10 super good boy 
Day 412 in the bubble: ok maybe the bubble isn't that bad
This is Mo. No one will push him around in the grocery cart. He's quite pupset about it. 11/10 I volunteer 
This is Toby. He just found out you only pretend to throw the ball sometimes. H*ckin puppalled. 12/10 would console 
oh h*ck

Thank you to 
Here's a very loving and accepting puppo. Appears to have read her Constitution well. 14/10 would pat head approvin… 
If you'd like a small reason to smile... 
RT 

sn…
Not just dogs... other human beings are pretty cool to care about as well
Please keep loving
This is Sweet Pea. She hides in shoe boxes and waits for someone to pick her. Then she surpuprises them. 13/10 
RT 


Say hello to Pablo. He's one gorgeous puppo. A true 12/10. Click the link to see why Pablo requests your assistance… 
I think we all learned as children that 101 is the perfect amount
I know we all love dogs, but having 123 might be too h*ckin many

The typo in the first version of this tweet  was on puppose. We want to give the impression of imperfection to be more relatable
This is Scooter. His lack of opposable thumbs is rendering his resistance to tickling embarrassingly moot. 12/10 wo… 
This is Wilson. Named after the volleyball. He tongue wrestled a bee and lost. 13/10 valiant effort tho 
Retweet the h*ck out of this 13/10 pupper #BellLetsTalk 
This is Nala. She got in trouble. One h*ck of a pupnishment. Still 11/10 would pet 
PERIOD 
I'm not sure if you guys knew this, but this account is 100% factual and backed by all the science ever
"I wish we were dogs" 14/10 for 
Her name was Bella. She always visited the school where her mom worked. She really loved hats. The last pic is her… 
This is Cash. He's officially given pup on today. 12/10 frighteningly relatable 
PUPDATE: I'd still do terrible things for Milo 
This is Winston. The goggles make him a superhero. Protects the entire city from criminals unless they rub his bell… 
This is Crawford. He's quite h*ckin good at the selfies. Nose is incredibly boopable. 11/10 would snapchat 
This is Wyatt. He's got the fastest paws in the West. H*ckin deadly. 11/10 would ride into the sunset with 
If you'd like to help support this account and what we try to do here, here's how you can


This is Albus. He's soaked as h*ck. Seems to have misplaced an ear as well. Still in good spirits tho. 12/10 would… 
This dog's Instagram is 
Here's a super supportive puppo participating in the Toronto  #WomensMarch today. 13/10 
This is Hobbes. He was told he was going to the park. Ended up at the vet. H*ckin bamboozled. Quite pupset with you… 
Please stop sending in non-canines like this Very Pettable Dozing Bath Tortoise. We only rate dogs. Only send dogs.… 
1. inhale through your nose
2. hold for a few seconds 
3. exhale slowly through your mouth
4. pet a dog
5. repeat for the next 4 years
This is Paisley. She really wanted to be president this time. Dreams officially crushed. 13/10 
This is Gabe. He was the unequivocal embodiment of a dream meme, but also one h*ck of a pupper. You will be missed… 
We only rate dogs. Please don't send pics of men capturing low level clouds. Thank you... 11/10 
For anyone wondering, Jimison uses Crest 3D White Luxe Diamond Strong Toothpaste
This is Jimison. He was just called a good boy. 13/10 
This is Duchess. She uses dark doggo forces to levitate her toys. 13/10 magical af 
PUPDATE: Oshie finally sobered up and was sent a signed helmet for his unwavering loyalty to his team 
This is Harlso. He has a really good idea but isn't sure you're going to like it. 13/10 he'll just keep it to himse… 
Look out 
This is Sundance. He's a doggo drummer. Even sings a bit on the side. 14/10 entertained af (vid by 
PUPDATE: took down 3 more today. Turning into more of a threat than climate change
This is Luca. He got caught howling. H*ckin embarrassed. 12/10 
Here's a doggo who looks like he's about to give you a list of mythical ingredients to go collect for his potion. 1… 
This is Flash. He went way too hard celebrating Martin Luther King Day last night. 12/10 now he's having a dream in… 
Meet Sunny. He can take down a polar bear in one fell swoop. Fr*cken deadly af. 13/10 would pet with caution 

*doge is no longer there*
makes one question, is doge ever truly there? I think- yes. Always. Window doge is true
I'll host 

The floofs have been released I repeat the floofs have been released. 84/70 
RT 


We are proud to support 
Was this organized by a dog? Is a dog driving the bus? I have so many questions
But how do they determine which K9s are adventurous? Is there a test? Oh god. I hope I pass
I've never wanted to go to a camp more in my entire life. 12/10 for all on board 
RT 

make it happen:

This is Oliver. He has dreams of being a service puppo so he can help his owner. 13/10 selfless af

make it happen:… 
Here we have a doggo who has messed up. He was hoping you wouldn't notice. 11/10 someone help him 
This is Howie. He just bloomed. 11/10 revolutionary af 
I've been trying to track down this pupdate for a year now. Carlie is now a beautiful puppo 
This is Jazzy. She just found out that sandwich wasn't for her. Shocked and puppalled. 13/10 deep breaths Jazzy 
Say hello to Anna and Elsa. They fall asleep in similar positions. It's pretty wild. Both 12/10 would snug simultan… 
Some happy pupper news to share. 10/10 for everyone involved 

This is Finn. He's wondering if you come here often. Fr*ckin flirtatious af. 12/10 would give number to 
This is Sunny. She was also a very good First Doggo. 14/10 would also be an absolute honor to pet 
This is Bo. He was a very good First Doggo. 14/10 would be an absolute honor to pet 
I know most of you are asleep, but thank you. 1 million followers is something that I never thought I'd achieve. This means so so much to me
Meet Wafer. He represents every fiber of my being. 13/10 very good dog 
This is Bear. He's a passionate believer of the outdoors. Leaves excite him. 12/10 would hug softly 
How could Tom disrespect Tom like that? 
This is Tom. He's a silly dog. Known for his unconventional swing style. One h*ck of a sneaky tongue slip too. 11/1… 
PUPDATE: Bo and Carly were finally reunited 
This is Florence. He saw the same snap you sent him on your story. Pretty pupset with you. 12/10 
This is Autumn. Her favorite toy is a cheeseburger. She takes it everywhere. 11/10 
Looks like he went cross-eyed trying way too hard to use the force. 12/10 

This is Buddy. He ran into a glass door once. Now he's h*ckin skeptical. 13/10 empowering af (vid by Brittany Gaunt) 
This is Dido. She's playing the lead role in "Pupper Stops to Catch Snow Before Resuming Shadow Box with Dried Appl… 
Seriously stop changing the Hollywood sign. It's fine how it is 
Strudel is doing well and has a doggo friend to comfort him. Help is still welcomed and appreciated. 
Say hello to Eugene &amp; Patti Melt. No matter how dysfunctional they get, they will never top their owners. Both 12/1… 
I support this

This is Ken. His cheeks are magic. 13/10 (IG: ken_shiba) 
Meet Strudel. He's rather h*ckin pupset that your clothes clash. 11/10 click the link to see how u can help Strudel… 
Here's how we're choosing to give  back to our canine companions 🐶

RT 

cc: 

#OlsenWPMOYChallenge
#OlsenWPMOYChallenge
#OlsenWPMOYChallenge
#OlsenWPM…
This is Tebow. He kindly requests that you put down the coffee and play with him. 13/10 such a good boy 
The two on our left are actually the stars of Like Doggo Like Pupper 

Name a more iconic quartet... I'll wait. 13/10 for all 
PUPDATE: Nollie has made the transition from pupper to puppo. Still fairly portable 
This is Chloe. She fell asleep at the wheel. Absolute menace on the roadways. Sneaky tongue slip tho. 11/10 
This is Timber. He misses Christmas. Specifically the presents part. 12/10 cheer pup Timber 
This is Binky. She appears to be rather h*ckin cozy. Nifty leg cross as well. 12/10 would snug well 
Reminder that these came out today!
(pink to be restocked shortly)

Shop now: 
The way I see it John has two options:

1. Online classes
2. Take the dog with you
Meet Moose. He doesn't want his friend to go back to college. 13/10 looks like you're staying home John 
This is Dudley. He found a flower and now he's a queen. 11/10 would be an honor to pet 
NEW 2017 DESIGNS ARE HERE 🐶


Atlas liked our video and tbh all I've ever wanted was his approval 
Day 385 in the bubble: maybe 2017 will be my break out year
This is Comet. He's a Wild Estonian Poofer. Surprised they caught him. 12/10 would pet well 
RT 


Meet Jack. He's one of the rare doggos that doesn't mind baths. 11/10 click the link to see how you can help Jack!… 
I'm receiving word from numerous sources that this is actually a baby bird and not a pupper. Terribly sorry for the mixpup
Here's a pupper with squeaky hiccups. Please enjoy. 13/10 
This is Akumi. It's his birthday. He received many lickable gifts. 11/10 happy h*ckin birthday 
This is Titan. His nose is quite chilly. Requests to return to the indoors. 12/10 would boop to warm 
How to Get Your Dog Rated


One of my resolutions was to not poke my dog's forehead anymore because it probably annoys her and I already failed so much for 2017
No matter how challenging 2017 gets... please remember... the dogs will always be good
I hope your 2017 is filled with happiness and dogs... primarily dogs, which will lead to happiness
Happy New Year from the squad! 13/10 for all 
New Year's Resolutions

1. Boop more shnoops
2. See more floofs 
3. Increase pettings by 15%
4. Pet a dog in a different car while driving
What a year it has been. Let me know when you've found your favorite! 
This is Cooper. Someone attacked him with a sharpie. Poor pupper. 11/10 nifty tongue slip tho 
I apologize in advance for bumping this a lot over the next few days. We're really h*ckin proud of it
RT 
me: 
The Dogs of 2016


I hope you're pupared 

This is Olivia. She's a passionate advocate of candid selfies. 12/10 would boop shnoop 
h*ckin soon 
This is Alf. Someone just rubbed a balloon on his head. He's only a little pupset about it. 12/10 would pet well 
Oshie insists that he turned 3 last week so he's fine to have a brewski or two
This is Oshie. He's ready to party. Bought that case himself. 12/10 someone tell Oshie it's Wednesday morning 
I'm getting reports that this is an ostrich. My bad guys
This is Chubbs. He dug a hole and now he's stuck in it. Dang h*ckin doggo. 11/10 would assist 
Gary must be a very strong doggo to have been a service dog to one of the strongest women of all time
Meet Gary, Carrie Fisher's dog. Idk what I can say about Gary that reflects the inspirational awesomeness that was… 
We put the 12 dogs of Christmas all in one place for your convenience just in case you're still feeling festive!

This is Sky. She's learning how to roll her R's. 12/10 cultured af 
RT 
Good thang
Cute as hell
Soft as fuck
Oh my god
That's my doggo
Here is Atlas. He went all out this year. 13/10 downright magical af 
Here's a doggo who has concluded that Christmas is entirely too bright. Requests you tone it down a notch. 11/10 
We only rate dogs. Please don't send in other things like this very good Christmas tree. Thank you... 13/10 
This is Eleanor. She winks like she knows many things that you don't. 12/10 
This is Layla. It is her first Christmas. She got to be one of the presents. 12/10 I wish my presents would bark 
Everybody stop what you're doing and look at this dog with her tiny Santa hat. 13/10 
I've been informed by multiple sources that this is actually a dog elf who's tired from helping Santa all night. Pupgraded to 12/10
Here's an anonymous doggo that appears to be very done with Christmas. 11/10 cheer up pup 
Meet Toby. He's pupset because his hat isn't big enough. Christmas is ruined. 12/10 it'll be ok Toby 
This is Rocky. He got triple-doggo-dared. Stuck af. 11/10 someone help him 
This is Baron. He's officially festive as h*ck. Thinks it's just a fancy scarf. 11/10 would pat head approvingly 
This is Tyr. He is disgusted by holiday traffic. Just trying to get to Christmas brunch on time. 12/10 hurry up pup 
This is Bauer. He had nothing to do with the cookies that disappeared. 13/10 very good boy 
PUPDATE: Phil found a onesie 
This is Swagger. He's the Cleveland Browns ambassador. Hype as h*ck after that first win today. 10/10 
This is Brandi and Harley. They are practicing their caroling for later. Both 12/10 festive af 
This is the most direct link I could find to help these wonderful people continue to do wonderful things. 🐶🐾🐕

I'm happy to inform you all that Jake is in excellent hands. 13/10 for him and his new family… 
This is Mary. She's desperately trying to recreate her Coachella experience.   12/10 downright h*ckin adorable 
This is Moe. He's a fetty woof. Got a cardboard cutout of himself for Christmas. 13/10 inspirational af 
PUPDATE: here's the cover of their debut album entitled "Mister &amp; The Chix" 
Say hello to Ted. He accidentally opened the front facing camera. 11/10 h*ckin unpupared 
This is Halo. She likes watermelon. 13/10 
PUPDATE: I've been informed that Augie was actually bringing his family these flowers when he tripped. Very good boy. Pupgraded to 11/10
This is Augie. He's a savage. Doesn't give a h*ck about your garden. Still 10/10 would forgive then pet 
This is Craig. That's actually a normal sized fence he's stuck on. H*ckin massive pupper. 11/10 someone help him 
Meet Sam. She smiles 24/7 &amp; secretly aspires to be a reindeer. 
Keep Sam smiling by clicking and sharing this link:… 
This is Hunter. He just found out he needs braces. Requesting an orthodogtist stat. 11/10 you're fine Hunter, every… 
This is Pavlov. His floatation device has failed him. He's quite pupset about it. 11/10 would rescue 
This is Phil. He's a father. A very good father too. 13/10 everybody loves Phil 
This is Gus. He likes to be close to you, which is good because you want to be close to Gus. 12/10 would boop then… 
RT 

There's a dog.

In a tree.

In my garden. 
Please only send in dogs. We only rate dogs, not seemingly heartbroken ewoks. Thank you... still 10/10 would console 
Help him 
Thank you to the 400 of you that immediately pointed out the other puns I could've made. Don't worry, I'm very disappointed in myself too
PUPDATE: well over a year after Terrance's error, he's made incredible pawgress with the company. Anxiously anticipating his Holiday bonus
I call this one "A Blep by the Sea" 12/10 
This is Kyro. He's a Stratocumulus Flop. Tongue ejects at random. Serious h*ckin condition. Still 12/10 would pet p… 
This is Wallace. You said you brushed your teeth but he checked your toothbrush and it was bone dry. 11/10 not pups… 
Here's a link to help out Twister the tri-pawed puppo. Sharing is just as valuable as donating 😘🐶

Day 365 in the bubble: It's been one year since the bubble took me. Reality seems like a distant memory. I no longer feel. Don't forget me
This is Ito. He'll be your uber driver tonight. Currently adjusting the mirrors. 13/10 incredibly h*ckin responsible 
Here's a pupper in a onesie. Quite pupset about it. Currently plotting revenge. 12/10 would rescue 
PUPDATE: it's been a year since Bernie touched the boob
This is Koda. He dug a hole and then sat in it because why not. Unamused by the bath that followed. 12/10 
This is Seamus. He's very bad at entering pools. Still a very good boy tho 11/10 
Atlas is taking over our snap story for the rest of the evening! 🐶
Add us: weratedogs 
Here we have Burke (pupper) and Dexter (doggo). Pupper wants to be exactly like doggo. Both 12/10 would pet at same… 
Friendly reminder that your dog will love you no matter what your GPA is
This is Cooper. He likes to stick his tongue out at you and then laugh about it. 12/10 quite the jokester 
Rest easy Ollie ❤️ 
This is Ollie Vue. He was a 3 legged pupper on a mission to overcome everything. This is very hard to write. 14/10… 
This is Stephan. He just wants to help. 13/10 such a good boy 
RT 

Shop: 

boop (v.) - to touch lightly but enthusiastically with forefinger. 
schnoop (n.) - exquisite pupper nose
This is Lennon. He's a Boopershnoop Pupperdoop. Quite rare. Exceptionally pettable. 12/10 would definitely boop tha… 
"Good afternoon class today we're going to learn what makes a good boy so good" 13/10 
Hooman catch successful. Massive hit by dog. Fumble ensued. Possession to dog. 13/10 
This is Waffles. He's concerned that the dandruff shampoo he just bought is faulty. 11/10 tragic af 
Nick is my hero 
HOW TO GET THROUGH FINALS:

1. Find dog
2. Pet dog
3. Repeat
I know it's early, but we're already getting holiday pics. Send all festive photos to 12holidaypups
We only rate dogs. Please stop sending in non-canines like this Freudian Poof Lion. This is incredibly frustrating.… 
This is Major. He put on a tie for his first real walk. Only a little crooked. Can also drool upwards. H*ckin talen… 
This is Duke. He is not a fan of the pupporazzi. 12/10 
What about pupper?

Jack turned 1 today. He still sleeps like an airplane. Also can't figure out why you're staring at his chin. Happy… 
I'd punch two kangaroos tbh

This is Zeke the Wonder Dog. He never let that poor man keep his frisbees. One of the Spartans all time greatest re… 
Meet Sansa and Gary. They run along the fence together everyday, so the owners installed a window for them. Both 12… 
This is Shooter. He's doing quite the snowy zoom. 12/10 
Retweet if you're ready 
This is Django. He accidentally opened the front facing camera. Did him quite the frighten. 12/10 
HE'S TRYING TO BE HIS OWN PERSON LET HIM GO 13/10

This is Bo. He's going to make me cry. 13/10 please get off the bus for him Carly 
This is Diogi. He fell in the pool as soon as he was brought home. Clumsy puppo. 12/10 would pet until dry 
Where's the family I just wanna talk

Pupper hath acquire enemy. 13/10 
Meet Sonny. He's an in-home movie critic. That is his collection. He's very proud of it. 12/10 
This is Winston. His selfie game is legendary. Will steal your girl with a single snap. 11/10 handsome as h*ck 
PUPDATE: should've requested backpup
This is Marley. She's having a ruff day. Pretty pupset. 12/10 would assist 
This is Bailey. She has mastered the head tilt. 11/10 rather h*ckin adorable 
This is Winnie. She's h*ckin ferocious. Dandelion doesn't even see her coming. 12/10 would pet with caution 
This is Severus. He's here to fix your cable. Looks like he succeeded. Even offered to pupgrade your plan. 13/10 h*… 
Day 347 in the bubble: now I'm being mocked...

Like doggo, like pupper version 2. Both 11/10 
Just in case you want your own Brent shirt:

Guys... 
This is Loki. He'll do your taxes for you. Can also make room in your budget for all the things you bought today. 1… 
In other news, Brent finally came around 

RT 

Mug holds drinks; hoodie is comfy af. 13/10 

Puppy Aika h*cking agrees. 
This is Ronnie. He hopes you're having a great day. Nifty tongue slip. 12/10 would pat head approvingly 
I'm thankful for dogs
They were all good dogs, NBC 

Watch the dog show with us! WeRateDogs on Instagram 
Am I wrong to think I could put together one h*ck of a dog show?
We're watching the dog show on our Instagram story! Follow us: WeRateDogs
This is Wallace. He'll be your chau-fur this evening. 12/10 eyes on the road Wallace 
Some of you aren't noticing the doggo
oh h*ck 10/10 
This is Milo. I would do terrible things for Milo. 13/10 
This is Bones. He's being haunted by another doggo of roughly the same size. 12/10 deep breaths pupper everything's… 
Can confirm 
Say hello to Mauve and Murphy. They're rather h*ckin filthy. Preferred nap over bath. Both 12/10 
This is Chef. Chef loves everyone and wants everyone to love each other. 11/10 
Here's a very sleepy pupper. Appears to be portable as h*ck. 12/10 would snug intensely 
This is Doc. He takes time out of every day to worship our plant overlords. 12/10 quite the floofer 
Fav for dogs
RT for dogs
Reply for dogs 
Ignore for dogs
This is Peaches. She's the ultimate selfie sidekick. Super sneaky tongue slip appreciated. 13/10 
Here's a doggo doin a struggle. 11/10 much determined 
This is Sobe. She's a h*ckin happy doggo. Only one leg tho. Must have good balance. 13/10 would smile back 
CHRISTMAS SWEATERS ARE HERE
⛄️🎄❄️🐶🎁🐾⛄️❄️🎄🐶🎁🐾⛄️

Shop -&gt; 
This is Longfellow (prolly sophisticated). He's a North Appalachian Oatzenjammer. Concerned about wrinkled feets. 1… 
This is Jeffrey. He's quite the jokester. Takes it too far sometimes. Still 11/10 would pet 
This is Mister. He only wears the most fashionable af headwear. 11/10 h*ckin stylish 
This is Iroh. He's in a predicament. 12/10 someone help him 
This is Shadow. He's a firm believer that they're all good dogs. H*ckin passionate about it too. 11/10 I stand with… 
No way I could get through all my favs. We've featured 2,500+ dogs. All of which were my favs. Here's to another h*ckin puptastic year 🐶🐾😘
Pipsy was the first pup that everyone fell in love with 

I'm aware of the rating inflation that has occurred over the last year. Standards were raised. They're such good dogs nowadays
Here's the first ever dog rate 😊

Today is the anniversary of this account's creation. I'll be bringing back my all time personal favs throughout the day. Thank you all 🐶
RT 

 
This is Cooper. His bow tie was too heavy for the front so he moved it to the side. Balanced af now. 13/10 
Here's a helicopter pupper. He takes off at random. H*ckin hard to control. 12/10 rare af 
This is Cassie. She steals things. Guilt increases slightly each time. 12/10 would forgive almost immediately 
This is Pancake. She loves Batman and winks like a h*ckin champ. 12/10 real crowd pleaser 
This is Tyr. He's just checking on you. Nifty af tongue slip. 12/10 would absolutely pet 
RT 

Shop here -&gt; 
Say hello to Romeo. He was just told that it's too cold for the pool. H*ckin nonsense. 11/10 would help fill up 
Here's a sleepy doggo that requested some assistance. 12/10 would carry everywhere 
I know I share this a lot but it truly is one of the purest forms of soothing entertainment I've ever come across 

This is Snicku. He's having trouble reading because he's a dog. Glasses only helped a little. Nap preferred. 12/10… 
Just checked... we're good
Just keep loving
PSA: DOGS WILL STILL EXIST IN THE MORNING
This is Ruby. She just turned on the news. Officially terrified. 11/10 deep breaths Ruby 
#ImWithThor 13/10

I didn't believe it at first but now I can see that voter fraud is a serious h*ckin issue. 11/10 
This is Yogi. He's 98% floof. Snuggable af. 12/10 
Day 330 in the bubble: vote yes on issue Free Kenneth
This is Daisy. She's here to make your day better. 13/10 mission h*ckin successful 
Tomorrow is going to be a long day. Remember to pet a dog or two or twenty
PUPDATE: same thing happened today. H*ckin conflicted
Elder doggo does a splash. Both 13/10 incredible stuff 
This is Brody. He's trying to make the same face as the football. 12/10 
This is Bailey. She loves going down slides but is very bad at it. Still 11/10 
This is Mack. He's rather h*ckin sleepy. Exceptional ears. 12/10 would boop 
This is Nimbus (like the cloud). He just bought this fancy af duck raincoat. Only protects one ear tho. 12/10 so h*… 
This is Laika. She was a space pupper. The first space pupper actually. Orbited earth like a h*ckin boss. 14/10 her… 
Either team could really use Air Bud right now
This is Maximus. His face is stuck like that. Tragic really. Great tongue tho. 12/10 would pet firmly 
RT 

-&gt; 
Mystery solved

This is Clark. He was just caught wearing pants. 13/10 game-changing af 
This is Dobby. I can't stop looking at her feet. 12/10 would absolutely snug 
This is Fiona. She's an extremely mediocre copilot. Very distracting. Wink makes up for all the missed turns. 12/10 
RT 

Tag a coffee loving dog petting human of your choice! 🐶

Shop here -&gt; 
This is Moreton. He's the Good Boy Who Lived. 13/10 magical as h*ck 
Meet Dave. It's his favorite day of the year. He gets to fulfill his dream of being a dinosaur. 12/10 inspirational… 
Oh h*ck look at this spookling right here. Fright level off the charts. 12/10 sufficiently spooked 
This is Tucker. He's out here bustin h*ckin ghosts. 13/10 dedicated af 
This is Juno. She spooked me up real good, but only to get my attention. Above average handwriting for a dog I thin… 
This is Maude. She's the h*ckin happiest wasp you've ever seen. 10/10 would pet with caution 
Say hello to Lily. She's pupset that her costume doesn't fit as well as last year. 12/10 poor puppo 
This is Newt. He's a strawberry. 11/10 
Benji would like to formally state that he was in no way responsible for blowing the 3-1 lead
This is Benji. He's Air Bud. It's a low effort costume but he pulls it off rather h*ckin well. 12/10 would happily… 
This is Nida. She's a free elf. Waited so long for this day. 11/10 
Your favorite squad is looking extra h*ckin spooky today. 13/10 for all 
This is Robin. She's desperately trying to do me a frighten, but her tongue drastically decreases her spook value.… 
Here is a perfect example of someone who has their priorities in order. 13/10 for both owner and Forrest 
This is Bailey. She's rather h*ckin hype for Halloween tomorrow. Carved those pupkins herself. 12/10 
This is Monster. Not an actual monster tho. He's showing you his tongue. Very impressive Monster. 12/10 would snug 
Meet BeBe. She rocks the messy bun of your dreams. H*ckin flawless. 12/10 would watch her tutorial 
This is Remus. He's a mop that came to life. Can't see anything. Constantly trips over himself. Still a very good d… 
This was an unbelievable journey to follow. Thank you for sharing it with us. #TeamBellaAlways 
To honor the six second gifts that vine has given us over the years, I'll be retweeting my favs for the rest of the night 🐶
Vine will be deeply missed. This was by far my favorite one. 14/10 
PUPDATE: Godi discovered his tongue today 
When she says you're a good boy and you know you're a good boy because you're a good boy. 13/10 
PUPDATE: Gromit still just wants a pettin
Say hello to Levi. He's a Madagascan Butterbop. One of the more docile Butterbops I've seen. 12/10 would give all t… 
This is Mabel. She's super h*ckin smol. Portable af. Comes with the smol shoe. 12/10 would keep in frocket 
Misty also said she will fight anyone who tries to take her post down
This is Misty. She has a cowboy hat on her nose. 12/10 
This is Betty. She's assisting with the dishes. Such a good puppo. 12/10 h*ckin helpful af 
This is Mosby. He appears to be rather h*ckin snuggable af. 12/10 keep it up Mosby 
This is Duke. He sneaks into the fridge sometimes. It's his safe place. 11/10 would give little jacket if necessary 
Here are a few more of these two to help get you through the week 
Meet Maggie. She can hear your cells divide. 12/10 can also probably fly 
This is Bruce. He never backs down from a challenge. 11/10 you got this Bruce 
I don't remember covering this story 
This is Happy. He's a bathtub reviewer. Seems to be pleased with this one. 12/10 
This is Ralphy. His dreams were just shattered. Poor pupper. 13/10 it'll be ok Ralphy 
This is Eli. He can fly. 13/10 magical af 
Please watch your language 
This is Brownie. She's wearing a Halloween themed onesie. 12/10 festive af 
This is Rizzy. She smiles a lot. 12/10 contagious af 
WE'RE BACK 

All previous designs + Brent! 🐶

Shirts, Hoodies, Tanks, Women's

Shop Now -&gt; 
HE WAS JUST A LIL SLEEPY FROM BEING SUCH A GOOD DOGGI ALL THE TIME MISTAKES HAPPEN 13/10

This is Stella. She's happier than I will ever be. 10/10 would trade lives with 
This is Bo. He's a West Congolese Bugaboop Snuggle. Rather exotic. Master of the head tilt. 12/10 would pay to pet 
Day 310 in the bubble: maybe it's a good thing I'm up here
RT 

•find a dog
•pet the dog
This is Lucy. She destroyed not one, but two remotes trying to turn off the debate. 11/10 relatable af 
This is Butter. She can have whatever she wants forever. 12/10 would hug softly 
The highest rated doggos and puppers all in one place for your convenience. You might cry


This is Dexter. He breaks hearts for a living. 11/10 h*ckin handsome af 
PUPDATE: Harold still slippery af
Atlas is back and this time he's got doggles. Still 13/10 solarly conscious af 
This is Leo. He's a golden chow. Rather h*ckin rare. 13/10 would give extra pats 
Idk I thought the concept was simple 
Did... did they pick out that license plate? 12/10 for both 
This is Frank. He wears sunglasses and walks himself. 11/10 I'll never be this cool or independent 
If you haven't almost crashed your car looking at a dog in a different car then we can't be friends
This is Tonks. She is a service puppo. Can hear a caterpillar hiccup from 7 miles away. 13/10 would follow anywhere 
This is Moose. He's rather h*ckin dangerous (you can tell by the collar). 11/10 would still attempt to snug 
This is Lincoln. He forgot to use his blinker when he changed lanes just now. Guilty as h*ck. Still 10/10 
HOW COULD I FORGET PATRICK'S BIRTHDAY OMFG HAPPY BIRTHDAY PATRICK

Good news guys 
This is Rory. He's got an interview in a few minutes. Looking spiffy af. Nervous as h*ck tho. 12/10 would hire 
He's actually a 13 but you guys have to understand why I did what I did
This is Logan, the Chow who lived. He solemnly swears he's up to lots of good. H*ckin magical af 9.75/10 
"Honestly Kathleen I just want more Ken Bone" 12/10 
This is Dale. He's a real spookster. Did me quite the frighten. 11/10 not too spooky to pet tho 
PUPDATE: has someone hugged Tucker yet? Can someone get on this
Is my new avi spooky enough?
This is Rizzo. He has many talents. A true renaissance doggo. 13/10 entertaining af 
It's been one month since Brent shook the world 

This is Arnie. He's afraid of his own bark. 12/10 would comfort 
This is Mattie. She's extremely dangerous. Will bite your h*ckin finger right off. Still 11/10 would pet with cauti… 
13/10 for breakdancing puppo 
This is Lucy. She's strives to be the best potato she can be. 12/10 would boop 
PUPDATE: it's been 309 days since Earl was first reported lost. Please come home Earl
Meet Rusty. He appears to be rather h*ckin fluffy. Also downright adorable af. 12/10 would rub my face against his 
This is Pinot. He's a sophisticated doggo. You can tell by the hat. Also pointier than your average pupper. Still 1… 
This is Dallas. Her tongue is ridiculous. 11/10 h*ckin proud af 
Today, 10/10, should be National Dog Rates Day
I'll vote for whoever says "they're good dogs, Brent" as the answer to a question tonight
Things to do instead of watching the debate:

•find a dog
•pet the dog
This is Doc. He requested to be carried around like that. 12/10 anything for Doc 
This is Hero. He was enjoying the car ride until he remembered that bees are dying globally at an alarming rate. 11… 
This is Rusty. He's going D1 for sure. Insane vertical. 13/10 would draft 
TAKE THAT BRONT 
This is Frankie. He has yet to learn how to control his tongue. 11/10 maybe one day 
